score 	 sentence_1 	 sentence_2
3.9738 	 Bread lasts longer out of the refrigerator.	Storing bread in the freezer you can store for several days and keep it soft. 
3.4675 	 Some people I know claim it imparts the salt flavor to meat, without any of the actual sodium being present.	Salt is a good means to control/suppress flames and flareups without having a cooling effect on the coals. 
3.0174 	 Soaking for a while in cold water beforehand also helps tame the bitterness.	Braising gently in milk will also, I find, help with bitterness. 
1.8270 	 Probably use it quickly, I would think...	If you want it light, you need to use it quickly, as the bubbles will disappate over time. 
3.8025 	 The carrots are rotten.	When carrots turn black, it is almost always caused by rot. 
3.9738 	 I think you're looking for a "sandwich press.	The device is called a "panini press" and they're available fairly small 
3.4675 	 Could be Topaz Adjust, or any HDR program.	I used Photoshop with Topaz Labs Denoise and Adjust 
3.0174 	 The CN Tower in Toronto seems pretty good too: 22 km per hour	The worlds fastest elevator: Burj Khalifa with 64 km per hour Though, the speed of the elevator to the observation deck is 36 km per hour 
1.8270 	 If you are going to Italy, the Video Game Museum ViGaMus in Rome will be the place to visit.	The Computerspielemuseum in Berlin claims to have been "the world's first permanent exhibition devoted to digital interactive entertainment culture." 
3.8025 	 It is Santorini.	According to Google Image, it should be Santorini. 
3.9738 	 Pretty sure you're thinking of The Host by Stephanie Meyer, of Twilight fame.	I finally found it: It's The Lives of Tao by Wesley Chu 
3.4675 	 Sounds vaguely like Paycheck.	Sounds almost like Greg Egan's Quarantine but as far as I know that's only a novel. 
3.0174 	 I think you mean self-inflicted (of an injury) having been inflicted on oneself by oneself or self-induced induced or brought on by oneself or itself	Consider self-defeating causing the same problems that you were intending to solve 
1.8270 	 Perhaps realize: "He realized his full power."	He has unleashed his full potential. 
3.8025 	 I have heard the phrase "gal pal" used in this way.	Personally I typically use "guy friends" and "lady friends" to avoid the relationship connotation. 
3.9738 	 The notion of groupthink is closely related.	Perhaps they are members of a mutual admiration society. 
3.4675 	 In technical computer manuals we use the word "deprecate".	I would suggest "advise against."  
3.0174 	 Consider uncomprehending Not understanding; having little or no comprehension.	You may want to use oblivious. 
1.8270 	 He is a dependent friend.	He may be called a moocher. 
3.8025 	 It went from bad to worse	Out of the frying pan, into the fire. 
3.9738 	 A person who is demoralized may give up easily.	A defeatist expects to fail, and therefor, either does not try at all or tries in a half-hearted manner. 
3.4675 	 The term sorted seems to cover both alphabetic and numeric.	"Collated" is a more general term that encompasses both alphabetical and numeric sorting. 
3.0174 	 A Pyrrhic victory	Cutting off your nose to spite your face 
1.8270 	 How about trashy?	Garbage is suitable, I think. 
3.8025 	 I would say weakened or lost.	Without more context, it's difficult to know, but I'd try "Faded" (means the same as "reduced") or "changed". 
1 	 the path is completed by the voltage meter	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal 
2.33333333333333 	 it is connected to the batteries positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 
2.33333333333333 	 Because terminal 1 was hooked u to the positive terminal which is automatically 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 
2.33333333333333 	 because of the gap	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 
2.66666666666667 	 that the battery has created a short circut and is dangerous	there is a short circuit 
4 	 the battery is not in the closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 
1 	 Terminal 2 had a 0.00 V.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected 
3 	 they are contained in the same closed path	B and C are in the same path 
1.33333333333333 	 there was no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 and terminal 2.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state 
2.66666666666667 	 a closed path is required	the circuit has a closed path 
1 	 The electrical state is broken.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected. 
1.66666666666667 	 The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.	There is no gap between terminals 1 and 2 
2.66666666666667 	 There is no gap, same electrical state.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 
1 	 because only one of the bulb terminals is bad.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 
4.66666666666667 	 bulb a and bulb c still had a complete path to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 
2.66666666666667 	 Terminal 1 is connected tot he positive terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 
4 	 The electrical state for the bulb terminal and the battery terminal will have a charge of 0 if connected so if the charge is anything that isn"t 0 V, there is a gap at that bulb	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap 
3.66666666666667 	 The have the same electrical states	The terminals are in the same state. 
4.66666666666667 	 Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to each other.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected 
3.66666666666667 	 it was still connected to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery. 
2.66666666666667 	 the electrical state will be different in the gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap. 
4.33333333333333 	 Bulb C had an open path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery 
3 	 Because when the voltage goes from 1.5 to 0.0 you can locate the gap.	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap 
4 	 Where there is a difference in electrical state, that is where the gap in the connection is.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap. 
2.66666666666667 	 the bulb terminal has no gap and the bulb will light	There is a gap. 
4 	 i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared. 
0 	 there is hope in iraq.	there was no threat. 
3 	 a very clear miscarriage of justice.	i agree on the miscarriage of justice. 
0 	 ain't that wonderful of the man?	isn't that what you want? 
3 	 driving on an icy road and wrecking isn't a federal problem until it affects thousands of people.	every winter driving on icy roads affects thousands of people. 
5 	 as i asked, where's the 6 trillion dollars in that graph?	can you explain where the 6 trillion dollars is in that graph? 
5 	 this country is far and away better than any other on earth..	no country is perfect, but this country is far and away better than any other on earth. 
3 	 you know, you're right.	well, you're half right. 
1 	 he is cutting spending.	i hate bloated spending. 
2 	 god you guys are dumb.	boy you dummies are dumb.. 
3.9738 	 Fourth arrest in body-in-bin probe	Three held after body found in bin 
3.4675 	 Indian air force to buy 126 Rafale fighter jets	India awards Dassault $12 billion contract to replenish ageing air force 
3.0174 	 BBC News: Deaths in Ukraine and Poland in freezing Europe weather	Ukraine: Europe hit by deadly cold snap 
1.8270 	 Gingrich Takes Georgia, Leaning on a Southern-Based Strategy	Super Tuesday: Newt Gingrich says he's a survivor 
3.8025 	 Iranian Hopes Dashed at Non-Aligned Summit	UN chief asks Iran to prove its nuclear program peaceful 
3.5349 	 A man with a bottle is petting a brown horse.	Man petting horse over fence. 
3.6924 	 A white cat rests it head on a stone.	A striped cat looking lazily through vertical blinds. 
0.5730 	 An English-themed furniture set.	A large steam locomotive pulling a passenger train through the countryside. 
3.2319 	 An airplane sitting on the tarmac at an airport with another plane in the background.	 White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway. 
1.2929 	 The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.	A cows ass and some buildings  
3 	 How about some testimonies from real health experts?	Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from "real" health experts on there? 
0.8 	 "Then the captain was gone.	Then the captain came back. 
3.8 	 The problem is simpler than that.	The problem is simple. 
1 	 NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS . 
0.4 	 So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: " Where ' s the Marx " ?	I am moving on to ask you the question: " Where ' s the beef " ? 
4.6 	 go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?	You're asking me to prove a negative? 
5 	 I am OK with MEDICAL use!	I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!! 
2 	 The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.	The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down. 
5 	 War in the middle east.	A WAR in the middle east. 
0.6 	 Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?	Originally Posted by zaf I give up. 
1 	 Imagine a place that's % white and % black.	Imagine a place with % men and % women. 
5 	 There's no chance of a fair trial.	there is no chance at a fair trial. 
3.6 	 Nirvana is very different than oblivion.	Nirvana is NOT oblivion. 
4 	 We in Britain think differently to Americans.	Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans. 
3.1 	 If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.	If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight. 
2.2 	 The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.	Who does it now only produce enough for  billion? 
3.2 	 BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.	Appropriate deferments for the time, eh? 
4.4 	 Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?	**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London? 
2.2 	 but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.	but it seems it would have less "impact" if they didn't call him white. 
2.4 	 According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.	According to Zimmerman he did. 
2.8 	 My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you. 
4.6 	 .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.	Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP. 
1 	 I oppose the death penalty.	This is why I support the death penalty. 
2.2 	 Well, whatever, you are now.	Well, whatever, you're aware of it now. 
2.2 	 They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.	Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in". 
3.8 	 DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.	Matt Holliday owns, y'all. 
2.8 	 People exploited the laws.	People bent the laws. 
2.2 	 Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.	And here I thought I knew me some math. 
2.6 	 I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights I use lettuce too.	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Hi Wiggies! 
3 	 I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."	You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews. 
4.8 	 I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.	I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question. 
1.4 	 It still makes no sense.	It's you who makes no sense. 
1.2 	 More expensive homes.	More expensive cars. 
0.8 	 Martin said, "Why are you following me?"	Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?" 
2 	 ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./	SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO  KT. 
1.2 	 "Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Satyrs don't exist" - fine. 
2.8 	 You wanna know what I find curious?	That's what I find curious. 
2.6 	 When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?	I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder. 
2.6 	 If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.	If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left. 
0.8 	 You didn't mention PFA before that one post.	I didn't mention restraining order either. 
2.4 	 Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
3 	 from the year prior.	 warmed.C from the year prior. 
1 	 Still love this show.	Holy poo poo, this show. 
3.2 	 their vast properties are protected by the govt.	their great wealth is protected by the govt. 
4.6 	 Fundimental difference, please?	Fundamental difference? 
1.4 	 How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?	How exactly are they being punished? 
3 	 Z stalked him down, then shot him.	You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down, then shot him ". 
5 	 I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.	God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed. 
0.8 	 We never got out of it in the first place!	Where does the money come from in the first place? 
2.11111111111111 	 Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free. 
2.8 	 My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My teachers have told me it is bad for you. 
2 	 if you could kill one person to save four, would you?	As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea. 
1.1 	 It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law. 
5 	 It depends how you define extreme.	Depends on how you define "extreme". 
1.2 	 At least Mexico had a presence in California.	Mexico has ZERO claim to California. 
3 	 So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.	personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity. 
4.5 	 Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! 
3.4 	 And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?	Still refusing to answer my questions? 
3.8 	 You have too much regulation, not too little.	You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little. 
4 	 The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?	You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess? 
2.6 	 Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?	Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon? 
1.8 	 You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?	You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert? 
2.4 	 We are meant to explore.	We are meant to move. 
3.4 	 Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it.	That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks. 
3.4 	 We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
3.6 	 Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.	A dear friend from Ohio sent me this. 
1.6 	 And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.	The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo. 
3.2 	 Can he really make mone from google ad sense.	Who makes money off google ad sense? 
4.6 	 They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.	The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber. 
4.4 	 Warm , maybe record.	Warmer , almost certainly a record. 
2.2 	 "Bright but scatterbrained" becomes "treat with drugs".	"Opinionated and stubborn" becomes treat with drugs". 
1.2 	 What is your definition of "life"?	What's your definition of nature? 
2.2 	 Could be a lot of things.	Could be a simple mistake. 
3.8 	 No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.	No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies. 
4 	 Dr. Neander's revised version.	Neander's revised version"? 
2.2 	 Should I just tell her how I feel?	Should I just wait it out and see how it goes? 
0.8 	 I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS . 
2.6 	 you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon. 
2.2 	 "Jane" wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it.	I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money! 
1.6 	 any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one. 
2.6 	 Is it legal to grow?	Yes, it's legal to grow. 
1.8 	 pressing one does not "do" english.	Pressing one does send a tone. 
2.8 	 What's my opinion regarding the series?	What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim? 
3.6 	 We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
2 	 Does he have supporters?	He definently has supporters. 
2.2 	 but okay, ultimate sovereignty?	Thus, ultimate sovereignty. 
4.8 	 that is not an answer.	no, it's not an answer. 
2.2 	 The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.	The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to . 
3.6 	 But we can't do it without help.	We can't do it without you." 
1.4 	 No healthy person needs gambling.	No healthy person needs sex. 
2 	 I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.	If it isn't a person, then WTF is it? 
1.8 	 Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?	Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance? 
3 	 "Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.	"Elves don't exist" - fine. 
2 	 Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.	i started it last night xanis. 
4.2 	 Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.	Gotta love the EK factoid that "Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA. 
2 	 "Gorgons don't exist" - fine.	"Satyrs don't exist" - fine. 
3 	 Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it.	Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out. 
3.4 	 I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Usually I get pretty decent care.	I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights they are crack ups. 
3.6 	 Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?	@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy? 
3.6 	 Commodity Expanded Value-Form, .	Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form . 
1.4 	 You are a Christian.	Therefore you are not a Christian. 
4 	 And the simple fact today?	I repeat: And the simple fact today? 
2 	 Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it. 
1.8 	 "Oh, you're such a good person!	You're such a bad person!" 
3.6 	 Fern I think stories like this are stupid.	- wolf I think stories like this are stupid. 
3.4 	 CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.	TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED. 
1.2 	 Do you not understand what that string of words means?	Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies? 
1.2 	 There is no freedom of religion.	There is no freedom of speech. 
2.4 	 Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.	Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah. 
3 	 How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid? 
3.4 	 A man and a woman are different yes.	Men and women are different yes? 
2.2 	 Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.	As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification. 
1 	 Facilitator : Show me the smart child.	Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child? 
3.2 	 religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?	Isn't that redundant and repetetive? 
0 	 Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?	Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what? 
1.6 	 Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
1.6 	 Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.	Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions. 
2.2 	 loose change started out as a work of fiction.	It finished as a work of fiction. 
3 	 If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.	If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own. 
2.4 	 GL, Terral That is absolutely amazing.	Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing. 
3.77777777777778 	 lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black. 
2.11111111111111 	 Freedom of speech has consequences!	If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free. 
1 	 "Fairies don't exist" - fine.	"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine. 
3.2 	 If so, state that is why they're not true.	Please, what about them are not true. 
2.8 	 -Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.	is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything. 
1.4 	 "Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".	"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes". 
1.4 	 My niece is married to a black man.	My great niece is half black. 
1 	 The UK population is just over  million.	The Japanese population is nearly  million. 
3.4 	 I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
2 	 I hope this is nothing.	I hope everything is ok! 
4.2 	 The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.	Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor. 
4.2 	 So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?	GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote? 
1.6 	 What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb. 
4.4 	 I know I'd hate to be him.	I'd hate to be him too. 
4.6 	 there were no weapons.	Of course there were no weapons. 
3 	 It's so stupid that it just has to be true.	It's amusing to think it even might be true. 
4.4 	 Personal responsibility much?	Again, personal responsibility. 
4.57142857142857 	 Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying? 
2.6 	 I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.	Does the census have an rear end in a top hat? 
4.4 	 How is this slanted against Bush??	Where is the slant against Bush? 
4.8 	 If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.	That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy. 
0.4 	 I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.	I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball. 
3.8 	 The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.	The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading. 
2 	 My parents have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you. 
1 	 His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.	His position is the way it is currently. 
0.8 	 I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .	PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS . 
4.8 	 Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?	You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion? 
0.2 	 I have no problem with those that have money!	I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here! 
2 	 Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?	No has has shut down the oil fields. 
1 	 i don't want a president who 'cares'.	i don't want a president who is charasmatic. 
0 	 It doesn't have to be braindead.	I don't have a proposed model. 
3.2 	 no missile evidence.	no missile witnesses. 
2.2 	 My teachers have told me it is bad for you.	officers have told me its bad for you. 
4.2 	 My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker.	I have the pregnancy ticker. 
1.4 	 Then he is not omnipotent.	Then he is malevolent. 
3 	 tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?	tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear? 
4.2 	 Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.	Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers. 
2.6 	 If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.	If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty. 
2.4 	 ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.	ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator. 
2.4 	 Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?	How many passengers said they saw an iceberg? 
1.6 	 Imagine a place with % men and % women.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black. 
1.75 	 Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.	It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr. 
4.6 	 They have actually showed a cooling trend since  due to the recent decline.	get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline. 
3 	 We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
4.5 	 to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before. 
4.25 	 Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.	Out of touch and untrustworthy? 
3.6 	 It is mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch. 
4.8 	 We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?	@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right? 
2.6 	 claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?	slanted blogs And when did I do that? 
2.6 	 % How much money does PP take in for abortion services?	How much is spent on abortions services? 
2.4 	 Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place? 
2.4 	 There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.	There is no more sperm cell. 
4 	 Lacey - welcome back!	Anyway, welcome back. 
4.4 	 More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.	I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet. 
2.4 	 If you haven't made any claims, then just say so.	I haven't made any claims. 
2.4 	 No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.	Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian. 
2.46666666666667 	 the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money. 
2.8 	 But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic. 
3 	 not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.	Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me. 
2.4 	 If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.	If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs.. 
4 	 Tell us what the charges were.	Yes what are his charges. 
1.8 	 Those are partial psychopaths.	Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath? 
4.2 	 those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.	ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it. 
2.4 	 this is NOT a war deployment.	its not an official deployment. 
3.6 	 Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?	Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data 
4 	 Alright just got in.	not well Alright just got in. 
3 	 h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.	I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today. 
2.4 	 That's not the Moloch scene, though.	This is the Moloch scene. 
4.4 	 @Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?	@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible? 
0.6 	 You need to make up your mind.	You need to polish up on your logic skills. 
1.4 	 The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.	The one that has three walks home and beats his wife. 
3.8 	 - Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.	and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are. 
4.2 	 The argument was "Albert Einstein didn't go to college".	OMG, "Einstein didn't go to college." 
2.4 	 Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	Income tax, top rate:  percent. 
1 	 Bienging is unaccptable.	Being drunk is unacceptable. 
3.4 	 He hasn't been funny in years.	He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show. 
2.4 	 If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.	Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence. 
5 	 What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?	------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them? 
1.2 	 It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage. 
2.2 	 If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.	If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics. 
4 	 She was a great lady.	She was a nice lady. 
0.8 	 He's not wealthy because he's successful.	Why hate people because they are successful? 
1.75 	 Not as irritated as you.	You seem as irritated as Henry. 
2.5 	 It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing. 
0.8 	 You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.	-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now. 
3.4 	 I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.	Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce. 
3 	 DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.	It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know. 
1.2 	 I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.	I said YOU had gotten soft. 
3.8 	 We all believe that we are getting what we expect.	Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect. 
4.4 	 Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.	Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man. 
3.6 	 Unless it's different in different countries?	So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries. 
2.2 	 The new study does not support your claim.	The physical evidence does not support your claim. 
4.6 	 He said at EVERY level.	But he said EVERY level. 
2.2 	 morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong.	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong? 
4 	 I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	It is mostly just the Dutch. 
3.2 	 Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
3.8 	 Let's let this play out in court.	Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court. 
1.8 	 Being in a gang isnt a crime.	Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime. 
4.2 	 I'd offer Iran a deal.	Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal. 
1.2 	 Yes, they are both different.	Opinions are different. 
1.1 	 It's not imposing morals.	It's imposing a law. 
3.8 	 Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?	One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that? 
2.4 	 PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.	LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows. 
3.4 	 You should put scientists on a pedestal.	Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal? 
3.6 	 What are they trying to hide?	I then asked: What are they trying to hide? 
3 	 That would make you partially responsible for their death.	That would make you a sort of accessory, I think. 
0 	 "Would you like to pay for others health care?"	"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?" 
4.4 	 They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before. 
2 	 I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.	I don't see him as evil at all. 
3.2 	 Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
3.4 	 The point is an unarmed child was murdered.	The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black. 
0.9 	 Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	Martin said, "Why are you following me?" 
1.6 	 Irreligion that does that I have a problem.	Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with. 
3.2 	 If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..	If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans.. 
1.4 	 If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?	If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares? 
1.53333333333333 	  billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa. 
3.1 	 If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.	If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight. 
4.2 	 Sometimes I fantasize about having power.	Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will. 
2.8 	 My parents have told me it is bad for you.	My Sheriff has told me its bad for you. 
3.6 	 Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.	It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy. 
2.4 	 How would Martin not know that that was not the case?	How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions? 
2.4 	 Regulation get the government into everything.	"Get the government into everything?" 
2.5 	 It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.	Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing. 
2.8 	 Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.	I've assumed this as well in my argument. 
3.6 	 Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional? 
2.2 	 It's just a bunch of cells.	I'm "a bunch of cells." 
1.6 	 Mann's work was all about math.	Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings. 
4 	 I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.	I'm so sorry, Kelly. 
3 	 I don't like flavored beers.	I don't like many flavored drinks. 
1.6 	 I hope everything is ok!	I hope your LO is ok. 
1.6 	 any woman that wants birth control can get it.	Any woman that wants and abortion can get one. 
4.6 	 S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?	Do you see Hitler killing Jews? 
4 	 And I'm your friend Mitt.	Your good friend Mitt. 
1.6 	 It means its AN option.	Doesnt mean its a BAD option. 
5 	 I think you need to reread what I wrote.	You need to reread what I wrote. 
3.77777777777778 	 lets assume we have % white and % black.	Imagine a place that's % white and % black. 
1.8 	 Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"	My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?' 
3.6 	 My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.	Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's. 
2.8 	 Holder filed a three-page letter.	The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed. 
2.2 	 @Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.	@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig. 
4.8 	 This eclipses the old record of  set in .	This breaks the daily record of  set in . 
0.9 	 Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"	Martin said, "Why are you following me?" 
1.6 	 I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.	So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah. 
4.8 	 council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?	Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people? 
0.4 	 Your schtick is getting stale.	Your misogyny is getting messy. 
1.6 	 Is that how it works?	Nah, that's not how it works. 
4.4 	 Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On. 
3.8 	 wait until they become more consistent and closer together.	wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together. 
4.8 	 Obama is extreme and leftwing.	Obama is part of the extreme leftwing. 
2.5 	 @Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.	@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you. 
2.6 	 Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.	Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional? 
4.4 	 What conviction where you talking about before?	What conviction would that be? 
4.6 	 So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.	Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out. 
3.6 	 The government does not determine if you are married or not.	The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married. 
1.8 	 Democracy is a threat to liberty.	Democracy has nothing to do with liberty. 
4 	 Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?	How many threads do you plan on making? 
4 	 Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?	So which system isn't working for us? 
4 	 Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.	Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right. 
4.2 	 Why are Russians in Damascus?	Russians in Damascus! 
1.8 	 Yes, it's about dilution.	Er, that's not how dilution works. 
3.8 	 Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.	I don't think what she's saying is that controversial. 
4 	 Operation Chaos is merely people voting.	Chaos is merely people voting. 
1.2 	 Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.	Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis 
3 	 Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
4.5 	 to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.	They are NOT as sovereign as they were before. 
2 	 Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !	and morals and honesty have everything to do with it. 
3 	 i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.	i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this? 
4.6 	 There is no war in the Middle east.	There is no "WAR" in the middle east. 
2.4 	 He had no intention of apprehending him.	- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him. 
3.6 	 We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
2.4 	 You're "a bunch of cells."	I'm "a bunch of cells." 
1.4 	 What is a girl douche?	You are a girl douche. 
2 	 Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?	No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional. 
4 	 It's definitely NOT what it used to be.	voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be. 
3.4 	 The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.	The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe. 
0.8 	 I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.	Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote. 
1.6 	 "Cyclopes don't exist" - fine.	"Goblins don't exist" - fine. 
1.6 	 "In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"	He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry? 
1.8 	 Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
1.8 	 Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him. 
1.8 	 . Sinful people do not get to heaven.	Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven. 
3 	 How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?	How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid? 
3.8 	 Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
1.2 	 What was the "answer" in Chicago?	What will be the response in California? 
4.2 	 The entire thing just makes no sense.	See that makes no sense. 
4.8 	 Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?	Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers? 
3.6 	 Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.	If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God. 
1.4 	 Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.	Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics. 
4.57142857142857 	 Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying? 
1.2 	 Use of force in defense of person.-A	Use of force by aggressor. 
3.6 	 That's what the data available shows.	That's what the historical record shows. 
3 	 Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
2.6 	 I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.	In fact, it's just the Dutch. 
2.2 	 Ive watched kids play.	I like watching kids play. 
4.8 	 David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.	@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich. 
2.8 	 They're looking at each other!	Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?! 
2.6 	 Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt? 
1.4 	 Religion that does that I have a problem with.	Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with. 
1.6 	 I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.	Would he be better for American society? 
4.4 	 not a constitutional issue.	again, this is not a constitutional issue. 
4.2 	 YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..	Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook.. 
1.6 	 "What does pressing the number one do?"	"Pressing the number one does English." 
4.4 	 What conviction would that be?	What conviction where you talking about before? 
3.8 	 Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.	Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic. 
3.4 	 For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work." 
3 	 Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?	Did anyone see the footage of this? 
2 	 Red October standing by.	Red Fox standing by. 
3.2 	 That's just not how legal briefs are written.	That just isn't how legal reasoning works. 
3 	 No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.	You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not. 
3.4 	 Stone notified Captain Lord.	He too notified Captain Lord. 
2.2 	 The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.	Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic. 
2.6 	 Are you driving one?	Are you driving a fucking Volt? 
0.8 	 And that is happening in GOP controlled states.	Michigan IS a GOP controlled state. 
4.2 	 in  Foxe basin was frozen.	 Foxe was mostly frozen. 
4.2 	 @Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.	@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive. 
1.2 	 Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.	Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine. 
2.8 	 Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
1 	 Higher than  per cent but not very high.	Lower than  per cent but not very low. 
1.6 	 What isn't how what was sold?	It's not how it was sold, gb. 
2.6 	 God definately does not exist.	God probably does not exist. 
4.4 	 Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.	buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On. 
2 	 It is an excellent indicator of climate change.	I think we all agree on the nature of the change. 
1.8 	 The great thing about living here is there's space.	The bad thing is there's space. 
4.5 	 Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! 
3.8 	 I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.	Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today. 
3.2 	 The question needs to be asked.	It is a question that needs to be answered. 
2.8 	 You purport to value life very heavily.	I purport to value human life very highly. 
1.8 	 The Infestation posts.	The mosquitoes posts. 
4.6 	 i don't want a president who 'cares'.	don't want a president that is compassionate. 
2.4 	 do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?	Do you have anything to make it more compelling? 
3.4 	 For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.	The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work." 
2.4 	 Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
4 	 peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?	Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall? 
1 	 Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.	Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone. 
3.4 	 So answer the question.	Stop avoiding the question. 
4.2 	 Haiti is a shithole.	Haiti has been a shithole. 
1.2 	 I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.	I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic. 
4.4 	 The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!	The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan! 
4 	 I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.	I am hoping he is into a second term of office. 
0.4 	 Jake with the assist.	Voracek with the goal. 
3.2 	 Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?	Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school. 
4.2 	 The people had awakened.	Because the people had awakened. 
4 	 Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.	The California was a cargo ship. 
2.6 	 Umm, that pretty clearly states, "the statute is presumed constitutional."	And until they decide that, "the statute is presumed constitutional." 
3.4 	 Florida The ignorance is yours!	The ignorance is yours! 
1.6 	 I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.	The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites. 
2.2 	 How do you know what's right and wrong?	How do you know which story is the right one? 
5 	 Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!	Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! 
0.6 	 And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.	Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base. 
1.2 	 It is all Bush's fault.	Obama is Bush's fault. 
2.4 	 You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.	I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews." 
2.4 	 I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.	Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot. 
2 	 Yet you didn't have to declare it.	And you didn't have to. 
4.6 	 Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.	John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth. 
2.2 	 James : says faith without works is dead.	Paul did not preach faith without works. 
1.53333333333333 	  billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa. 
4.6 	 and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.	Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse. 
2.2 	 Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.	Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either. 
2.6 	 You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.	You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them. 
3 	 But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?	I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters. 
1.4 	 There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.	This is rich coming from a conservative. 
1.6 	 Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!	. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek! 
3.8 	 Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.	Just so long as the tax is paid. 
1.2 	 fix?: Islam itself is not political.	Islam has always been political. 
4 	 March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.	Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA. 
5 	 I hope everything is OK!	I hope everything is okay. 
3.2 	 Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?	Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics? 
4 	 I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.	Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past. 
4.6 	 depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.	depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda. 
3.8 	 Do you further agree that I have made no claim?	So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim. 
2.4 	 Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.	His "friends" say that he was confronted by his car. 
4.6 	 There is no "WAR" in the middle east.	There is no war in the Middle east. 
3.8 	 Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.	Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion". 
2.8 	 Capital gains, top rate:  percent.	 - Income, top rate:  percent. 
2.8 	 Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
4 	 No, I show you are willfully ignorant.	LOL, you are so ignorant. 
3 	 We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
2.46666666666667 	 the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money. 
2.8 	 Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.	Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company. 
1 	 The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.	The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita. 
3.8 	 Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.	Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either. 
1.6 	 When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.	When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism. 
1.2 	 Some believe the 'right' is most important.	Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important. 
1.6 	 Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.	Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief. 
2.8 	 I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.	You want others to decide over a woman body. 
0.8 	 Where in the world is Ron Paul?	Where in the world is the MEDIA?? 
2.4 	 you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.	you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon. 
3.4 	 The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."	For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work. 
1.53333333333333 	  billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa. 
3.8 	 my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.	my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops! 
1.2 	 It wouldn't stop joke marriages.	And I don't fight for marriage. 
1.6 	 You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.	People are responsible for their actions. 
2.4 	 Why did that transaction take place.	Did the transaction take place? 
0 	 It's about the baggage attached.	It's not the same thing. 
3.6 	 We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
2.46666666666667 	 the problem isn't who has money.	the problem is who doesn't have money. 
1.6 	 What makes you think the owl didn't participate?	It doesn't say that it didn't participate. 
1.8 	 lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!	Look forward to seeing it! 
1.2 	 Originally Posted by jacko!	Originally Posted by IZZY! 
4.8 	 Thanks Candy for starting the thread.	Candy - Thanks for starting us off today. 
1 	 Except that it wasn't.	Except that they couldn't. 
2.2 	 If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.	If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem. 
4.8 	 If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.	If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected. 
1.4 	 Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.	Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa. 
1.8 	 Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.	And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him. 
0.8 	 LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?	Is there a test to own a firearm in the US? 
3.2 	 We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.	I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing. 
5 	 If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?	I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong? 
3.6 	 A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.	To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution. 
1.2 	 Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!	Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility. 
1.4 	 This is not your country.	This is our country. 
1 	 Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.	Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes. 
4.2 	 Cone threw an  game.	Addie Joss Cone threw an  game. 
4.8 	 Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.	Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post. 
1.6 	 The jury is not told about juror nullification.	The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification. 
1 	 runs victim down Got any proof?	paranoid Got any proof? 
4.2 	 you don't use the search button much, do you?	you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you? 
3.6 	 I don't think Paul has a shot.	Paul doesn't have a shot. 
3.2 	 Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.	Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders. 
4.57142857142857 	 Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?	And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying? 
1 	 What if they messed up a study?	What if they had a personal bias? 
1.2 	 Specifically a Baptist.	Specifically Gnostic. 
0.8 	 And a large part of the east coast.	And parts of the west coast. 
1.4 	 Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?	We were talking about women as war bounty were we not? 
2.6 	 Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.	Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands. 
3.6 	 . What is your definition of "life force"?	What is your definition of "soul"? 
2.6 	 That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.	Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents. 
4 	 The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.	The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority. 
4.6 	 Could this have been an enema?	@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema? 
0.4 	 my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.	taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing. 
4 	 mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety. 	mexico wishes to avoid more violence. 
4.2 	 spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce. 	spain currently holds the osce's presidency. 
4.2 	 the treaty was first signed in 1990. 	the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 
3.2 	 gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison. 	gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province. 
0.6 	 safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison. 	djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years. 
3.6 	 santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism. 	uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism. 
3.6 	 fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour. 	fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable. 
2 	 ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago. 	ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others. 
4.4 	 investigators claim the british company was a cia cover. 	russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover. 
1.4 	 russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe). 	russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty. 
4.6 	 the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia. 
2 	 russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders. 	russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises. 
2.2 	 the center will be operational in august 2008. 	the center will formally open in 2009. 
3.8 	 brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers. 	the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs. 
3.6 	 regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations. 	the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations. 
2.6 	 bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days. 	a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible. 
4.8 	 georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week. 	the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week. 
3.8 	 switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm. 	switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal. 
2.8 	 the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990. 
3.6 	 the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia. 	the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces. 
4.2 	 reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 	u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site. 
3.4 	 the drug is also known as ice or shabu. 	methamphetamine is also known as ice. 
4 	 national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons. 	the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons. 
4 	 religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups. 	religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government. 
3.2 	 russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty. 	antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty. 
4.4 	 russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty. 	president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 
5 	 myanmar was formerly known as burma. 	myanmar was formerly called burma. 
0 	 alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima. 	puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua. 
3.8 	 nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 	russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction. 
4.2 	 human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers. 	these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child 
2.4 	 general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency. 	general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology. 
3.6 	 alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract. 	alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract. 
3.8 	 the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space. 	the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force. 
2 	 south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph. 	south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s. 
2.2 	 russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 	russia is a member of the nsg. 
4.6 	 anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 	soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient. 
0.6 	 the deal has been in process for several years. 	the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years. 
3.2 	 adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy. 	zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy. 
4 	 french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 	alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai. 
2 	 no other drug has become as integral in decades. 	the drug has been around in other forms for years. 
3.4 	 the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 	the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities. 
3.8 	 beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area. 	beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars. 
4.2 	 russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester. 	russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 
3.2 	 there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency. 	violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups. 
5 	 helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region. 	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 
1.8 	 police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan. 	police stated that-- chung has been on the run. 
1.6 	 2 of the individuals arrested were released. 	2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles. 
4.6 	 mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking. 	mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking. 
1.8 	 berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe). 	russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe. 
1.8 	 the osce meeting lasted two days. 	the osce meeting was held in madrid. 
4.8 	 the cfe treaty was signed in 1990. 	the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 
4.4 	 iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes 
3.4 	 china is an important force for safeguarding world peace. 	china is an important force for promoting world development. 
4.4 	 north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria. 	north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project. 
1.2 	 a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for 	chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 
3.8 	 kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington. 	kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc. 
3.8 	 iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 
1.4 	 john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament. 	at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament. 
4 	 the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union. 	the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup. 
4.4 	 kashmir is divided between india and pakistan. 	kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan. 
1.4 	 south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race. 	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 
3.4 	 kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 	western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming. 
3.4 	 russia ratified the amended treaty. 	russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004. 
3.4 	 a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks. 	a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare. 
3 	 jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir. 	jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq. 
3.8 	 iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 	the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china. 
4.4 	 china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 	china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. 
3.4 	 a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil. 	a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia. 
4 	 north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan. 	north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on 
0.8 	 abuja is the capital of 	tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 
4.6 	 the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program. 	the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program. 
1 	 tirana is the capital of 	abuja is the capital of 
3.2 	 in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine. 	during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine. 
3.6 	 iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes. 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes 
4.2 	 china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons. 	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons. 
1.2 	 china is north korea's closest ally. 	north korea is a reclusive state. 
4.2 	 libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 
3.6 	 goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security. 	it presents a major threat to global security. 
2 	 cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers. 	syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking. 
4.2 	 activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity. 	russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity. 
3.8 	 restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 	bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed. 
1.2 	 zabol is a town in southeastern iran. 	khoramabad is a city in western iran. 
3.25 	 detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police. 	iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 
4.2 	 existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months. 	experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months. 
2.4 	 the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal. 	the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months. 
4.6 	 myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014. 	myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014. 
4.4 	 jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 	the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal. 
1.8 	 france provides the rockets, guns and engines. 	britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes. 
3.2 	 capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking. 	capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery. 
3.4 	 bae systems is the uk's largest defense company. 	bae systems is the uk's largest military 
2.8 	 lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue. 	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces. 
3.8 	 additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze. 	the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze. 
3.4 	 withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 	withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders. 
1.8 	 fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan. 	fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way. 
2.8 	 government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country. 	spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe. 
3.2 	 president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies. 	the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies. 
1.8 	 turkmenistan borders afghanistan. 	sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan. 
3.4 	 the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 	the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society. 
5 	 syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program. 	syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program. 
1.4 	 amnesty international is a rights group based in london. 	the international institute for strategic studies is located in london. 
2.2 	 the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports. 	the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports. 
5 	 the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful. 	the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful. 
0.6 	 shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel. 	donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail. 
0.6 	 paris is the capital of france. 	lima is the capital of 
3.4 	 an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity. 	the official spoke on condition of anonymity. 
4.6 	 russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern 	russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe. 
1.8 	 the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection. 	the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate. 
4.2 	 china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 	china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue. 
2.6 	 the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue. 	russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension. 
2.8 	 arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia. 	arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists. 
4.8 	 the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry. 	the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry. 
4.4 	 zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt. 	zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy. 
4 	 non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor. 	senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial. 
4.2 	 the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe. 
3.8 	 estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin. 	officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin. 
3.2 	 britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars). 	the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems. 
3.4 	 opium is the raw ingredient for heroin. 	the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin. 
3 	 wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project. 	south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project. 
3.4 	 the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism. 	in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism. 
3.4 	 many of those executed in iran are hanged in public. 	many of the people executed are hanged in public. 
3.8 	 the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms. 	the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons. 
5 	 the cfe is very important for european security. 	the cfe is a cornerstone of european security. 
5 	 indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region. 	indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir. 
0 	 the matter is delicate. 	the iaea report is restricted. 
2.4 	 last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe. 	nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe. 
3.6 	 the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence. 	the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire. 
2 	 indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons. 	drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal. 
4.2 	 the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism. 	the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism. 
3.75 	 myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 	myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking. 
4 	 iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 	the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society. 
3 	 india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas. 	india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas. 
3.6 	 the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants. 	an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants. 
1.8 	 the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption. 	the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition 
4.8 	 vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws. 	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws. 
3.2 	 the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities. 	india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems. 
3.8 	 the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan. 	the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited. 
5 	 saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar. 	saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar. 
3.2 	 the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty. 	the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe. 
3.8 	 the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states. 	the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member 
1 	 bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula. 	drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula. 
4 	 elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons. 	this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms. 
2.2 	 the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake. 	the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions. 
3.2 	 the cfe treaty was established in 1990. 	the treat was originally signed in 1990. 
4 	 the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty. 
3.8 	 nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime. 	nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 
2.6 	 13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk). 	10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk). 
3.4 	 the meetings lasted 2 days. 	the osce meeting lasted two days. 
1.4 	 the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking. 	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking. 
3.2 	 the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran. 	after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran. 
5 	 hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer. 	hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer. 
1 	 the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections. 	the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting. 
5 	 the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006. 	since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes. 
5 	 the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying. 	the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry. 
4.2 	 it is a serious threat to international security. 	it presents a major threat to global security. 
2.4 	 nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 	nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution. 
4.2 	 russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 	russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty. 
2.6 	 dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s. 	a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives. 
3.4 	 a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war. 	government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war. 
3.6 	 the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990. 	the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe. 
1.8 	 many of the attacks originated abroad. 	estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia. 
1.4 	 police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects. 	bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group. 
3.6 	 if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 	ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power. 
4 	 egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction. 	syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility. 
1.2 	 russia already participates in the european space agency's 	france is a leader in the european space agency. 
3 	 myanmar is a military state. 	myanmar has a military junta. 
1.8 	 it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison. 	dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public. 
3.2 	 amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence. 	the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums. 
4.2 	 an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 	the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists. 
4 	 the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only. 	iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes 
3.2 	 the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 	members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction. 
3.4 	 the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations. 	the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation. 
3.8 	 amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar. 	the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo? 
2.4 	 naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin. 	the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin. 
3.4 	 29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 	court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china. 
2 	 the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment. 	durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment. 
3.2 	 the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space. 	china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space. 
3.4 	 france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh). 	france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar. 
3.2 	 illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts. 	illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security. 
3.4 	 n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft. 	mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force. 
4.6 	 elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 	elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region. 
1.6 	 drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law. 	afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan. 
5 	 international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 	the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog. 
4.8 	 wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges. 	wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges. 
1.2 	 united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed. 	hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program. 
4.6 	 7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded. 	during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded. 
2.8 	 defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center. 	defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement. 
3.4 	 the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week. 	the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week. 
2.6 	 van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment. 	van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment. 
1.8 	 zahedan is a city in southeastern 	bam is a city in southeastern 
4.4 	 president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures. 	putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions. 
4 	 china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships. 	china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes. 
3.8 	 brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 	unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry. 
1.6 	 the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking. 	some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption. 
3.6 	 variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies. 	the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company. 
3.6 	 indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases. 	indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent. 
0 	 the iaea report is restricted. 	the killers escaped. 
2.2 	 the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990. 	the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999. 
3.6 	 sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day. 	sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day. 
1.2 	 the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government. 	the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe. 
4.2 	 nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences. 	the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences. 
3.4 	 blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction. 	blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction. 
0 	 helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 	the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm. 
3.8 	 the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers. 	the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers. 
4.4 	 physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china. 	physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china. 
3.4 	 myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade. 	myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report. 
3 	 the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon. 	the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws. 
4 	 santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes. 	francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes. 
0.8 	 do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information. 	grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations. 
4 	 a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 	a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle. 
5 	 vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws. 	vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws. 
1 	 government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective. 	governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia. 
5 	 putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty. 	putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version. 
5 	 russia ratified the amended version of the treaty. 	russia ratified the amended treaty. 
2.2 	 the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo. 	the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009. 
4.8 	 elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief. 	mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general. 
1.8 	 the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old. 	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years. 
2.2 	 chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue. 	chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development. 
2.6 	 the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years. 	the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999. 
4.4 	 cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 	nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks. 
1.2 	 if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community. 	abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community. 
4.8 	 the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 	in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts. 
3.8 	 88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions. 	80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions. 
1.2 	 sharia is islamic law. 	iran is an islamic republic . 
3 	 a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia. 	suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore. 
4.6 	 in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program. 	in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program. 
3.2 	 according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems. 	according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems. 
0.2 	 naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province. 	zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province. 
4.8 	 iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states. 	iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states. 
0 	 it will be hosted by the australian government. 	the u.s. plans have angered the russian government. 
3.6 	 the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states. 	p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states. 
4.2 	 in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii. 	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its 
2.6 	 a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility. 	a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility. 
3.8 	 the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government. 	the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama. 
3.8 	 the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance. 	south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance. 
1.6 	 ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program. 	france is a leader in the european space agency. 
3.2 	 the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program. 	the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences. 
3.2 	 china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 	lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology. 
3 	 iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba. 	the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba. 
2.6 	 tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama. 	tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack. 
1 	 chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment. 	godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment. 
0.4 	 the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets. 	the western governments include the united states and france. 
1 	 the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years. 	the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years. 
4.2 	 a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 	afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe. 
3.6 	 putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests. 	the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests. 
3.4 	 ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran. 	ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home. 
3.6 	 russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia. 	the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia. 
0.8 	 the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea. 	the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms. 
0.4 	 tskhinvali is the capital of georgia. 	paris is the capital of france. 
1.4 	 an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international. 	one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional. 
2.4 	 china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism. 	amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism. 
1.2 	 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive. 	in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il. 
3.2 	 the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military. 	the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law. 
3.6 	 some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems. 	some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems. 
4 	 iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund. 	iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government. 
2.2 	 a key european arms control treaty must be maintained. 	the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty. 
2.6 	 the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium. 	helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium. 
2.2 	 the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail. 	the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations. 
2.8 	 the meeting was 3 days long. 	the meetings lasted 2 days. 
3.6 	 the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation. 	the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing. 
3 	 china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council. 	china is a permanent member of the un security 
2 	 north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons. 	north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program. 
3.4 	 australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore. 	according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore. 
3 	 president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty. 	russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure. 
2.6 	 the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 	spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute. 
3 	 the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia. 	the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial. 
2 	 india and pakistan remain outside the treaty. 	israel remains outside the treaty. 
0 	 china is a member of the ballistic missile club. 	russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east. 
4.4 	 russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version. 	warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version. 
0.4 	 this is particularly true in the poorest countries. 	this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces. 
3.6 	 iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in 	iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society. 
0.6 	 a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking. 	the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking. 
1.8 	 both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 	neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years. 
1.8 	 russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security. 	it is a serious threat to international security. 
3 	 the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya. 	the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering. 
3.4 	 at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union. 	the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site. 
1.2 	 the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites. 	the international atomic energy agency is based in 
0 	 the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image. 	the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer. 
1.4 	 40 inmates are serving sentences for murder. 	105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking. 
2 	 russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces. 	russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary. 
3.6 	 executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs. 	executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india. 
4 	 the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe. 	the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe. 
3.2 	 korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory. 	korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes. 
1.8 	 lugar and nunn are senators. 	lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal. 
4 	 officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic. 	russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic. 
3 	 signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato. 	the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies. 
3.6 	 in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence. 	in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence. 
3.2 	 after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership. 	leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union. 
3.6 	 the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them. 	resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them. 
2 	 the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures. 	international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog. 
0.4 	 there is much concern over the drug. 	there is much work to be done. 
3 	 the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar. 	the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar. 
3 	 capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage. 	capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery. 
3.4 	 saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform. 	saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government. 
3 	 the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council. 	kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un. 
2.6 	 shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969. 	a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced. 
1.8 	 indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999. 	indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998. 
3.8 	 iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism. 	iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group. 
2.4 	 3 suspected extremists were released on bail. 	1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail. 
0.8 	 6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking. 	the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking. 
2 	 this further aggravated the situation. 	north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation. 
3 	 Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy	In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy 
0.4 	 Opposition leaders emerge to commemorate Cambodian workers' deaths	Cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court 
3.8 	 Weak earnings drag stocks lower	Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street 
3.2 	 6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands	Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS 
4.6 	 Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai	Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai 
4 	 Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people	U.S., Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative 
3 	 Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal	Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal 
0 	 Death toll rises in Russia plane crash	Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash 
2.8 	 Indian media: Commonwealth summit	Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit 
1.8 	 Suicide bomber hits funeral in Iraq	Suicide bomber strikes in Syria 
4.2 	 7 detained for 'house sister' scandal	China detains 7 for "house sister" scandal 
5 	 Syria military police chief defects to opposition	Syria military police chief defects to rebels 
4.6 	 Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating	Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner 
2.6 	 Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill	White House backs gay marriage 
3.8 	 Five killed in Belgian coach crash	Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash 
3.4 	 Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria	Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria 
5 	 Swiss tourist 'gang-raped' in India	Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police 
4.2 	 Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank, Jerusalem	Palestinians clash with security forces in W. Bank 
4.6 	 Israel planes strike inside Syria	Israel launches airstrike into Syria 
0.4 	 Iranians Vote in Presidential Election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election 
2.8 	 100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes	'9 Dead' in New Darfur Tribal Clash 
1.4 	 Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed	6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan 
3.2 	 12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan	10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan 
5 	 Carney sets high bar to change at BoE	Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England 
2.4 	 8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352 
2.8 	 Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan	Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan 
0.6 	 Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom	Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban 
5 	 North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South	North Korea 'postpones' family unions with South Korea 
0.6 	 Apple revenue misses again, iPhone disappoints	U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung, bans iPhone 4 imports 
3.4 	 Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan 
4.4 	 David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer	David Beckham retires from football 
4 	 Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years	Matt Smith quits BBCs Doctor Who 
0 	 Generations divided over gay marriage	G20 Summit ends divided over Syria 
1.6 	 23 killed in Iraq car bombings	10 killed in Iraq bomb attack 
5 	 Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries	Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies 
1.4 	 Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan	Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan 
4.2 	 China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday	China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday 
1.6 	 Egypt minister survives assassination attempt	Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt' 
2.6 	 Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast	Residents return to Texas blast site 
4.2 	 Shinzo Abe Selected as Japans Prime Minister	Shinzo Abe is Japan's prime minister 
4.6 	 Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital	Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital 
2 	 2 dead in Bangladesh clashes over Jamaat leaders execution	Bangladesh Islamist leader executed 
4 	 Schumacher in a coma after ski accident	Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident 
5 	 11 killed in Chinese police station attack	Eleven killed in China police station attack 
2.2 	 Mali due to vote for president	Mali Counts Votes After Presidential Runoff 
4 	 Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic	Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic 
3.8 	 Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, 50 killed	Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed 
4.4 	 EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal	EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal 
5 	 De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Bloomberg	Bill De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Michael Bloomberg 
4.8 	 Thai opposition party to boycott general election	Thai opposition announces election boycott 
2.6 	 Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army	Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000 
4.4 	 Pussy Riot member Alyokhina released from jail in Russia	Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina freed from jail 
4.2 	 Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra	Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra 
3.6 	 Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport 
2.6 	 Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels	Central African Republic President, PM stepping down 
5 	 Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens	Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens 
0.8 	 China to resume US investment talks	China and Taiwan hold historic talks 
3.8 	 California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)	California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress 
3 	 George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate	George W Bush weighs into immigration debate 
3.4 	 Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment	Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking 
1.2 	 Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test	South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test 
4.4 	 Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill	Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory 
2 	 Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers	Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station 
2.8 	 18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast	Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast 
4.6 	 Thai protesters break into army headquarters	Thai protesters storm army headquarters 
4.4 	 Israel conducts airstrike on Syria	Israel launches new airstrike against Syria 
2.2 	 Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo 
2.2 	 Blizzard hammers U.S. Northeast, five dead, 700,000 lose power	Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads 
3.8 	 Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue	Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call 
1.4 	 Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics 
3.8 	 'Around 100 dead or injured' after China earthquake	Hundreds dead or injured in China quake 
4.6 	 Housing starts up 6.8% in May	May Housing Starts Up 6.8% 
5 	 2 French Journalists Killed in Mali	Two French journalists killed in Mali 
5 	 &gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency	Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency 
4.2 	 Vehicles ablaze in collapsed Japan tunnel	Vehicles 'left burning' as smoke emits from Japan tunnel 
0.2 	 6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand	5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran 
3 	 Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse	Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse 
1.6 	 Nelson Mandela taken to hospital	Nelson Mandela released from hospital 
1.2 	 Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan	Daily Press Briefing: Syria 
3.2 	 Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings	Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao 
3.4 	 Cardinals enter Vatican for historic vote	Cardinals enter Sistine Chapel to elect pope 
2.2 	 Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada	Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada 
0.8 	 French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution	Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions 
2.6 	 Shots, Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok	Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls 
1.6 	 Israeli military focuses on northern border	Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters 
1 	 North Korea blocks Kaesong access	North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities 
0.6 	 AU leaders meet for Africa Day	Egypt Youth Leader Detained for Four Days 
1.4 	 Today in History, April 23	Today in History, Jan. 21 
0.4 	 Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison	Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison 
3.4 	 US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal	It's official: Deal reached on "fiscal cliff" 
5 	 Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas, released with warning	Zimmerman pulled over in Texas for speeding, given warning 
1.4 	 Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria	Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria 
0 	 Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack	US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks 
3.4 	 China stocks close higher after economic meeting	China stocks close higher on Wednesday 
3.4 	 Russia unveils $30 billion oil link to Pacific	Russia unveils $25bn oil link to Pacific 
2 	 Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home	4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home 
3 	 Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion	Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case 
3.8 	 7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan 
3.8 	 UK alert on Syrian chemical arms	West raises stakes over Syria chemical claims 
1.8 	 China stocks close lower on Friday	China stocks close higher on Wednesday 
4.4 	 Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites	Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by 
2 	 Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics	EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants 
0 	 Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas	Spain turning back the clock on siestas 
2.6 	 Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order 
1.4 	 Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast	Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast 
2.2 	 2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq 
1 	 Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?	US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons 
3.4 	 Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash	Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash 
1.8 	 Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes	British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes 
4 	 Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections	Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote 
3.6 	 Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking	Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize 
3.8 	 Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood	Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities' 
4.2 	 Rouhani leads in Iran presidential vote - preliminary results	Rouhani leads in initial Iran count 
1.2 	 Israelis, Palestinians convene over prisoner swap	Israeli lawmakers call for internal probe into case of Prisoner X 
0.6 	 Police attacked in Belfast flag protests	Politicians in flag violence talks 
2.2 	 CBN reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes	Nigeria announces plans to change polymer Naira notes 
1 	 S.Korea proposes 'final' N.Korea talks over Kaesong	North Korea proposes high-level talks with US 
1.8 	 India gang-rape victim "struggling against the odds"	Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital 
2.8 	 Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan 
3.2 	 Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq	Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq 
3 	 Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests	Egypt bracing for massive protests 
2 	 Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release	Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners 
3.8 	 U.S. files espionage charges agains NSA leaker	US files espionage charges against Snowden over leaks 
0.4 	 Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest	Palestinians' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic 
3.6 	 Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362	Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580 
2.5 	 Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans	Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements 
4.2 	 Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	Chinese generals son gets 10 years jail for gang-rape 
5 	 2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting	Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting 
3 	 Moderate earthquake jolts NW Pakistan	Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan 
4.2 	 Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect	Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban' 
2.2 	 32 die in Bangladesh protest	1 Killed in Bangladesh Protest 
0.4 	 Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds	Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death 
0.6 	 Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters 
2.2 	 Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union	Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech 
1 	 Google launches internet-beaming balloons	Google 'are playing international tax game' 
4.8 	 Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters	Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters 
3.8 	 Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban	Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban 
2.8 	 Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case	Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case 
4.4 	 Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways	Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce 
5 	 Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting	Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout 
1 	 Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address	Thousands protest gay marriage in France 
2.2 	 Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq	Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq 
4.6 	 In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold	Obama puts Syria strike on hold 
1.8 	 Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons	Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa 
2.6 	 Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan	Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan 
1.2 	 The San Francisco plane crash at a glance	Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash 
2.2 	 8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse	Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse 
0 	 X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus	Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo 
3.5 	 Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered 	Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information. 
1.4 	 Snowden asks to stay in Russia	Snowden releases first Russia video 
2.2 	 Chinese shares close lower Wednesday	Chinese shares close higher Friday 
3.4 	 Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open	Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open 
4.8 	 Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan	Indias Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan 
1 	 Thai police use tear gas against protesters	Brazil leader breaks silence about protests 
2.2 	 Calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case	Calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case 
3.4 	 Egyptian court considers Mubaraks release	Egypt court orders release of Mubarak 
5 	 Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays	Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays 
1.4 	 2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq	Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq 
4 	 Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison	Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison 
3 	 Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc	Tokyo stocks close down 1.53% 
2.2 	 China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4	China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24 
2.8 	 Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013 
2.8 	 Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza	Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza 
2 	 Where's Rusty? Red panda vanishes from National Zoo	Missing red panda returned safely to National Zoo 
4.6 	 Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud	Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud 
4.4 	 USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row	U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats 
3.4 	 BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse	Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children 
0.6 	 7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident	20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident 
3.4 	 Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year	Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year 
3 	 Stocks to watch at close on Monday	Stocks to watch at close on Thursday 
4 	 50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered	On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial 
1.2 	 6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan	7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan 
0.8 	 Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon 
2.6 	 Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings	Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings 
5 	 Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son	Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son 
1.8 	 Motorists killed after Japanese tunnel collapses	Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo 
1 	 Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates	Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate 
3.4 	 Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners 
4 	 Philadelphia building collapses, 8-10 people may be trapped	Philadelphia building collapses; reports of people trapped 
3 	 Obama meets with Mandela family	Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela 
3.4 	 U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate	U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill 
0 	 Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	Chinese students attacked in France 
1.4 	 Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus	Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital 
2.6 	 'Friends of Syria' in Doha talks on arming rebels	Syria talks agree military aid to rebels 
2 	 Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.	Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq 
5 	 Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities	Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities 
2.8 	 ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones	Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained 
2.8 	 Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul	Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul 
4.2 	 Red grapes and blueberries boost immune system, scientists say	Red grapes, blueberries boost human immunity 
1.8 	 Two men charged with terrorism offences	Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York 
3.6 	 EU receives Nobel Peace Prize	EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize 
2.6 	 Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag	San Fermin bull-running festival starts 
2.8 	 Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack	Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack 
0 	 Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings	Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak 
0.8 	 Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower	Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower 
0.6 	 Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers	Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use 
3.8 	 Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash	McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million 
1 	 4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S	7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines 
3.6 	 Bangladesh Opposition Leader Sentenced to Death for War Crimes	Bangladesh: Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal 
4.2 	 Alleged cop killer died from shot to head	Alleged cop killer died from gunshot 
0.4 	 2 police killed in eastern Afghan explosion	At least 28 people die in Chinese coal mine explosion 
4.8 	 Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt 
3 	 Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case	Musharraf arrested in Pakistan 
4.4 	 Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap'	Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes 
2.8 	 35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official	12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry 
4 	 North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles 
2.8 	 Thai protesters obstruct vote; 1 dead in violence	Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok 
1.8 	 Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity 
2.2 	 North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status	NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace 
4.6 	 North Korea conducts third nuclear test	North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test 
3.6 	 Indian stocks open flat	Indian stocks open lower 
5 	 Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $38 bn in 2012	Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012 
3.8 	 Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US	Israelis, Palestinians begin talks 
2.6 	 The Note's Must-Reads for Monday, November 25, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, October 8, 2013 
2.4 	 Nelson Mandela memorial service	Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage 
3.8 	 NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing	Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage 
0.6 	 Lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse	Tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis 
4 	 Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash	US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash 
4.2 	 Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics 
4 	 Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport	Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport 
3.8 	 Indian police round up all five suspects in Mumbai rape case	Mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case 
0 	 Security tightens for Thatcher funeral	Security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in Kenya 
2.2 	 South Korea Says North Fired Missiles	North Korea launches short-range missiles 
3 	 Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France	EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal 
3.2 	 US warns Syria on chemical weapons	U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons 
1.2 	 37 killed in bus crash in Italy	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan 
3.8 	 U.S. dumps bombs at Great Barrier Reef	U.S. military jettisons bombs near Australia's Great Barrier Reef 
1.2 	 38 Taliban militants killed in Afghanistan	Taliban attacks US base in Afghanistan 
3 	 China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD 
2 	 U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition	Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks 
5 	 Google invests $200 million in Texas wind farm	Google invests 200 million USD in Texas wind farm project 
4.8 	 Egypt votes in new constitution	Egyptians Vote On New Constitution 
4.4 	 Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91	Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91 
1 	 China strives to avoid economic traps	Insurance is key to fostering economic growth 
3 	 Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi	Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi 
3.4 	 Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan 
0.4 	 Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy	Syria talks for Cameron and Putin 
3.6 	 French-led troops close in on Timbuktu	French-led troops control access to Timbuktu 
1.2 	 Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids	Nato solider dies in Afghanistan 
4 	 Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan 
4 	 N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone	North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone 
1.8 	 Delhi Gang Rape Suspect 'Beaten, Poisoned'	Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again 
3.2 	 Demolition work begins on Don Valley Stadium	Demolition work to begin at stadium 
1.4 	 France pledges military aid in Mali	Most French support military operation in Mali 
2.2 	 Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines	23 Missing as Typhoon Utor Hits Philippines 
4 	 Egyptians vote on divisive constitution	Egyptians vote on constitution change 
2.8 	 Reid cites 'tremendous progress' in debt ceiling talks	Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal 
1.4 	 Calls for more Egypt protests	Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49 
2 	 6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani	4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China 
1.2 	 One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos	6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast 
4.2 	 Chairman of easyJet to step down	Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down 
0.8 	 Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide	Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock 
2.4 	 Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council	Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan 
2.8 	 US confirms al-Qaeda leader has been captured	US captures al-Qaeda leader but fails in Somalia attack 
3.4 	 Committee nears final big immigration decisions	Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill 
3.8 	 US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack	NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack' 
1.8 	 Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter	Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk 
4.6 	 London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims	London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims 
3.4 	 Messi nets 300th, 301st goals in Barcelona win	Football: Messi hits 300th Barcelona goal in comeback win 
3.2 	 Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	40 still missing in Canadian train wreck 
3 	 Tunisian opposition politician shot dead	Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt 
1.2 	 Ukrainian Prime Minister Azarov and entire government resign	Ukrainian officials barred from Canada as protests continue 
4.8 	 UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid	UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid 
1.6 	 Stocks soar on Wall St lead	Stocks slump on Wall Street 
2.6 	 George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder	Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder 
3.6 	 Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow	NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow 
0.6 	 17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon 
1.2 	 Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets	All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set 
2.8 	 Royal sorrow over nurse's death	Radio prankster in tears over nurses death 
4.2 	 N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch	N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch 
4 	 Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack 
2.4 	 US government 'on the edge of shutdown'	Obama rejects GOP offer to ease shutdown 
4 	 Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration	Gates blast rocks Obama administration 
4.2 	 Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post	Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post 
3.8 	 Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing 
4 	 Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite	Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Koreas elite 
1.4 	 South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday	South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital 
3 	 Obama declares health care law is working	Obama pledges to make new health care law work 
3 	 Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding	Fresh rain brings more flooding 
3.6 	 Thousands protest gay marriage	Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris 
0.4 	 Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years	Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal 
1.8 	 The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, December 6, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, July 12, 2013 
3 	 Iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress	Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva 
4.2 	 Thai political protests paralyse more ministries	Thai protesters besiege more ministries 
4.6 	 Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million	Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M 
1.8 	 Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations	Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays 
0.6 	 Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike	Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: minister 
2.4 	 France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria	Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria 
2 	 More French soldiers to Central African Republic	Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic 
1 	 UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed	Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission 
4.6 	 Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks	EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks 
4.2 	 David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football 
4 	 Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub	Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub 
3.4 	 Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries	Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south 
1 	 6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS	5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan 
0.2 	 Search after man swept into sea	Lara plans visit to Nepal 
3 	 Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak	Taliban prison break: 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail 
3 	 Meteorite hits central Russia, more than 500 people hurt	Meteorite hits central Russia, 400 hurt 
2.4 	 North Korea Nuclear Test Sparks Worry	North Korea nuclear test 
4.2 	 Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt	Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads 
1.6 	 NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges	NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges 
1.4 	 'Credibility on the line over Syria'	Obama: Congress, world credibility on line 
0 	 Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan	At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan 
3 	 123 killed in fighting in northern Syria	Many killed in Syrian air strike 
5 	 Egypt interior minister survives bomb	Egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack 
2 	 China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday	China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday 
1.4 	 Obama holds talks over Syria action	Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action 
5 	 Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'	Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds 
0 	 Zen Report: Ain't easy being high maintenance	Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open 
3.2 	 Critics say Putins security restrictions violate rights	Putin's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics 
4.6 	 Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM	Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM 
4 	 Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood	Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood 
3.4 	 Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis	Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis 
3.8 	 Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm	Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm 
2 	 Syria opposition threatens to quit talks	Syria opposition agrees to talks 
3 	 Morsi supporters protest in Egypt	Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat 
2.6 	 Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan	Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan 
0.8 	 Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue 
1 	 Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions	Kabul Bank Heads Sentenced for Corruption 
2.4 	 US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan	US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan 
4.2 	 Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay	Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay 
2 	 Stocks rise in early trading	US stocks ease in choppy trading 
1 	 Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets	Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors 
1 	 UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash	China police seek eight suspects over crash 
1.8 	 Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south	Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russias Volgograd 
1.8 	 41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq 
2.8 	 Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army	Bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600 
2.5 	 Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda	Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week 
4.4 	 Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high	EU jobless hits fresh record 
4 	 Defiant Mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts 'vile' West	Mugabe sworn in for another term 
1.4 	 Nelson Mandela's real hero was not Gandhi, but Nehru	Nelson Mandela's health 'unstable' 
3 	 Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks	Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks 
1.2 	 Obama signs up for Obamacare	Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline 
4.2 	 Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah	Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview 
5 	 Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says	David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood 
2 	 Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14	Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12 
2.4 	 US State Department faulted over Benghazi	State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi 
0 	 Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October	NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks 
3.6 	 Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party	Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy 
2.4 	 Syria must destroy chemical weapons	Libya destroys last chemical weapons 
0 	 Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean	Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote 
3.6 	 Three Afghans killed in suicide attack	Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan 
2.8 	 Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6	Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4 
3.4 	 Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data	Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data 
4.6 	 Nelson Mandela in Hospital for Tests	South Africa: Mandela in hospital for tests 
4 	 Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal 
1.6 	 Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally	Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey 
2.2 	 Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces 
0 	 Students take a ride on airwaves	5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan 
2.2 	 Pistorius officer dropped from case	Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges 
4 	 Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new	Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer 
1.8 	 Stocks close 0.39% higher	Stocks close 2.47% higher 
2.6 	 Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed 
5 	 Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria	'Dozens killed' in Syrian air strike on bakery 
2 	 Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan 
2.2 	 Police confirm how suspect was captured	Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film 
2.8 	 Destruction of Syria's chemical weapons begins	Destruction of Syria's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult 
0.8 	 Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city	California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university 
4.4 	 UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty	UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty 
4.8 	 Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'	Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect 
0.8 	 Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians	Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks 
4.2 	 The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister	Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister 
1.4 	 Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30	Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six 
2.6 	 Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'	Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan 
0 	 Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling	Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia 
4.8 	 Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal	Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal 
1.4 	 Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns	'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns' 
3.2 	 South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer	South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial 
1.6 	 Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks	Iran vows to preserve "peaceful" nuclear program 
2 	 Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas	Oh, little town of Bethlehem  for real 
1.6 	 Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur	Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash 
3.2 	 NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border	Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border 
4.6 	 US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown	Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown 
3.4 	 Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll	Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls 
3 	 NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack	NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack' 
1.2 	 Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron	Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian woman in West Bank 
2.2 	 UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria	Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria 
3.4 	 Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants	Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants 
2.6 	 French forces attack al-Qaeda's Mali allies	A battle to retake north Mali: Hundreds of French troops drive back al-Qaida-linked rebels 
1.2 	 Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters	India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters 
3 	 Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference 
3.8 	 Afghan legislators approve new election law	Afghan president approves new election law 
2.2 	 Algeria Mounts Military Operation to Rescue Al Qaeda Hostages	Algeria mulls international force for hostages 
3.8 	 Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport	Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport 
4.6 	 13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire	Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque 
2.8 	 US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears	Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live 
3.4 	 Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital	Delhi gang rape victim flown to Singapore hospital 
3.4 	 Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk	Contraceptive pill 'doubles glaucoma risk' 
2.2 	 Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace	Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest 
2.8 	 5 people buried in Colorado avalanche	'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche' 
3.6 	 Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord	Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord 
3.6 	 Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem	Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke 
3.8 	 Malaysia's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power	Malaysia's ruling coalition wins majority 
1.4 	 Almagor blasts Netanyahu over prisoner release	Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release 
4.2 	 Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut	Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut 
4.2 	 19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting 
2.4 	 Hagel laments "political" changes to US defence budget	Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending 
4.4 	 U.S. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to Russia	US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia 
2.4 	 Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings	Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi 
3.4 	 Malaysia sets May 5 as date for closely contested election	Malaysia sets date for landmark elections 
3 	 Nato troops kill two Afghan children	NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children 
2 	 Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks	Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks 
3.4 	 Floods kill two, forces 75,000 from Calgary homes	Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes 
2.6 	 4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan 
3.8 	 Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China	Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China 
0.2 	 Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital	Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa 
3.4 	 Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote	Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul 
4 	 Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes	Not guilty plea for James Holmes  but insanity option still on table 
1 	 At least 45 killed in Spain train crash	At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala 
4.2 	 Dhawan smashes India to big win over South Africa	Dhawan ton sets up India Trophy win over South Africa 
0 	 Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame	Chris Brown concerts cancelled new 
3.6 	 Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway	Apple app sends drivers to airport 
3.4 	 Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan 
2.6 	 Hospital: 61 killed in Venezuela prison riot	Dozens reported killed in Venezuela prison riot 
1.4 	 Clashes erupt as Islamists push back in Egypt	Coptic priest shot dead in Egypt attack 
3.8 	 N Korea postpones family reunions	North Korea postpones war-torn family unions 
3.6 	 Francis begins papacy with prayer	Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers 
3.6 	 US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive	US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse 
1.8 	 Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March 
1.6 	 Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	US presidents pay tribute to Mandela 
0.2 	 China's new stealth frigate commissioned	Belarus, Latvia to set up border commission 
2.2 	 Iraq violence kills 11	Iraq violence kills seven 
1.6 	 Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	Protests continue in Brazil 
2.6 	 Syria rejects US, UK chemical arms claims	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons 
3.2 	 Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources	Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai 
3 	 Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal 
3.6 	 Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan	Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries 
4.8 	 Iran says it captures drone; U.S. denies losing one	Iran says it has seized U.S. drone; U.S. says it's not true 
2.2 	 Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide	Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood group 
2.2 	 Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner	Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner 
4.2 	 Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter	Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims 
0.4 	 Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan	Gunmen kill 3 policemen in Iraq 
4.4 	 More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison	1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail 
1.2 	 What is the nuclear option?	Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness 
2.6 	 Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013	Forex & Gold 12 March 2013 
1 	 Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger	Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border 
2.8 	 U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons	UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons 
4.2 	 Snowden's father arrives in Moscow	Edward Snowden's father in Moscow 
0.8 	 No radiation leak at Iran's nuclear plant	US Congress may throw wrench into Iran nuclear deal 
2.2 	 Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike	Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike 
1.2 	 Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40	Now, militants battle Pakistani police 
3.6 	 Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash	Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes 
3.4 	 Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate	Facebook profits jump as user base expands 
2.2 	 Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government	Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict 
1.8 	 News summary for March 11	News summary for January 14 
3.2 	 Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge	Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge 
4.2 	 Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal 
5 	 China stocks end lower Thursday	China stocks close lower on Thursday 
0.6 	 Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election	Bulgaria President Backs Protesters, Opposes Snap Elections 
2.8 	 Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption	Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption 
3.4 	 Bangladesh Islamist execution upheld	Bangladesh executes opposition leader 
3.2 	 Iran leader Rouhani says nuclear deal with U.S. possible within three months	Iran President Hassan Rouhani wants nuclear deal in months 
3.4 	 Deal reached on new Italian government	Italy to swear in new coalition government 
1.8 	 Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela	South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela 
1 	 Hawaii passes gay marriage bill	US Senate passes gay workers bill 
0 	 Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi	For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia 
1.8 	 Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher	Indian stocks open higher 
4.6 	 Maldives holds fresh election for president	Maldives holds fresh presidential election 
1.8 	 Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters	Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie 
4.2 	 New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.	One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building 
1.8 	 What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013	What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013 
3.2 	 Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes	Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes 
3.6 	 Piers Morgan questioned by police	Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case 
1.6 	 Syrian Opposition Urges EU to Send Arms to Rebels	Syrian opposition meets to choose interim PM 
2.2 	 Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher 
4.8 	 Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked, five accused arrested	Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested 
1.6 	 'Israeli' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy	Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid 
1.8 	 Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson	Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video 
2.8 	 Egypt's interim president appoints 2 advisors	Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet 
1.6 	 Funeral of Oscar Pistorius' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place	Oscar Pistorius 'shot Steenkamp in bathroom' 
0.6 	 China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper	China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption 
1.4 	 UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons	End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons 
4.6 	 Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation	Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage 
2.6 	 Two firefighters killed in New York ambush	Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush 
0.6 	 Egypt swears in new interim leader	Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood 
2.6 	 Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan	Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan 
2.6 	 Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts	Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay 
1.2 	 2 Pussy Riot Members Reunited in Krasnoyarsk	Freed Pussy Riot pair stir up anti-Putin protests 
0.6 	 Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan	Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants 
5 	 Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge	Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge 
1.6 	 Stocks close 0.39% higher	Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower 
0 	 US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water	Men in China detained after taking girls to hotel 
2.6 	 Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US	Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use 
5 	 Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal	Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal' 
1.2 	 Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35	Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112 
3 	 Israel launches airstrike in Gaza	Israel launches air strikes near Damascus 
2.6 	 Floods leave six dead in Philippines	Heavy rains leave 18 dead in Philippines 
0 	 Mars rover collects first bedrock sample	Wawrinka reaches first grand slam final 
4.75 	 Imran to contest from four NA seats	Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats 
4.4 	 Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold	Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold 
2.8 	 Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game	Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse 
4.4 	 Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike	Taliban commander killed in US drone strike 
4.4 	 Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married 
4.6 	 Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20 
1 	 South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North	North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South 
3.4 	 Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash	Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash 
4.2 	 Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt	Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling 
1.2 	 French train derails south of Paris	French train passengers tell of crash ordeal 
4.2 	 Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies	Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74 
3.8 	 Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians vote on divisive constitution 
2.8 	 Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital	Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital 
0.4 	 Iran Moderate Wins Presidency by a Large Margin	Iran threatens to trigger oil price war 
3.8 	 Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade	Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street 
3.4 	 Man who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer	Former plant chief who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer 
5 	 Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub	Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash 
3.4 	 Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery	Nigerian MP charged with accepting $3m bribe 
1.8 	 Rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade	Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade 
0.6 	 Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month	Iran says capable of jamming foes' communication systems 
5 	 Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks 
5 	 Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT	Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM 
1.8 	 Indian stocks open lower	Indian stocks close lower 
3.4 	 US readies possible solo action against Syria	US makes case for action against Syria 
1.2 	 Brief clashes with police in Belfast	Mourners clash with police in Tunisia 
4.6 	 New World Trade Centre tallest building in US	One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building 
0 	 US authorities charge man in ricin probe	South African police arrest 50 in farm protest 
1.4 	 China quake: Death toll rises	China flu death toll rises to six 
2.6 	 Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352	Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372 
4.4 	 25 bodies found at raided Algerian gas plant	25 more bodies found at Algerian gas plant 
2.6 	 RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria 
4.8 	 Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region 
1.2 	 Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control	Indian troops raid Pakistani military post 
3.6 	 Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals	Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time 
4 	 Fashion designer Lilly Pulitzer dies	Designer, Socialite Lilly Pulitzer Dies at 81 
1.2 	 Chinas new carrier extends military modernization drive	Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General 
1.6 	 Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests	Brazil leader promises reform vote 
4 	 Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast	Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast 
2.8 	 New Japan govt hints at joining Pacific trade pact: Report	Japan, US hold talks linked to regional trade pact 
3.4 	 Four dead in Indonesia train accident	Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck 
3.8 	 Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes	Israel unveils plans for new settler homes 
5 	 Miss New York wins Miss America crown	Miss New York is crowned Miss America 
3.8 	 Websites battle nasty comments, anonymity	Websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity 
4.4 	 Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home 
0.4 	 US set for Obama inauguration	US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration 
0.4 	 Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody	Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen 
4.8 	 Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall	Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall 
2 	 7 killed in attacks in Iraq	27 killed in attacks across Iraq 
3.2 	 Thousands protest gay marriage	Thousands protest gay marriage in France 
1 	 India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27	India Ink: Image of the Day: March 20 
4.8 	 US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired	Watch live: US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired 
3.8 	 China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens	Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation 
2.6 	 12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan	6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista 
1.4 	 Select images from Bangladesh building collapse	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse 
4.4 	 Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers	Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers 
0 	 Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'	Abduction teacher to be sentenced 
3.8 	 Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17	Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus 
2.8 	 North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba	N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized 
4.8 	 Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank	Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank 
4 	 Protests sweep Brazil despite concession	Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions 
3.8 	 Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections	Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election 
0 	 Turkish police mass near Istanbul park protest area	British police deny protecting sex abuser Savile 
3.8 	 South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone	South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone 
0 	 Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod	Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope 
3.2 	 15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at Russian train station	Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station 
3.4 	 Guatemala arrests software guru John McAfee	Held in Guatemala, software guru McAfee fights deportation 
3 	 Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election	Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid 
2.6 	 West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks	Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks 
4.6 	 Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma 
1 	 No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday	John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing 
4.6 	 Biden calls for trust in US-China relations	Biden calls for trust in building new relationship with China 
1.8 	 Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town	Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers 
0 	 Kerry: $4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work	Kerry: No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran 
0.8 	 Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359	Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72 
3.4 	 Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting	98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes 
0.8 	 Libya threatens army action against oil protesters	Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton 
3.4 	 2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence	Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown 
3.4 	 [Ticker] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating	Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating 
0 	 Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region	Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission 
2.2 	 Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon	Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon 
0.8 	 Two U.S. soldiers killed in "insider" attack in Afghanistan	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan 
5 	 South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized	South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized 
3.6 	 Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals	Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals 
3 	 UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit	UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit and takes 600m charge 
1.4 	 Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering	Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa 
4.4 	 Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president	Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president 
3.8 	 North, South Korea agree to talks	North, South Korea hold rare talks 
2.8 	 Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan	Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials 
3.2 	 Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier	Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police 
3.6 	 Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday	Obama to set out gun control plans 
2.2 	 Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon	Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack 
2.4 	 Syrias chemical weapons could end up at sea	US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea 
2.6 	 President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka	Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka 
0 	 Three freed in centre abuse probe	Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta 
4.4 	 Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall, two people injured	Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall, 2 wounded 
3 	 Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash	Dozens killed in Laos plane crash 
4.2 	 Three dead, including gunman, in Maryland mall shooting	3 dead in Maryland mall shooting 
3.4 	 UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack	'War crime': U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack 
3.2 	 7 killed in monster truck crash	6 killed in Mexico monster truck crash 
0.8 	 4 dead after boat capsizes off Florida coast	8 dead after heavy rains on island of St Vincent 
3.8 	 Cannes thief 'steals $53m of jewels' in armed heist at hotel	Robber steals $53 million worth of jewels in Cannes, police say 
3.25 	 Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections	Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election 
2.2 	 Gunmen kill female politician in Pakistan	Gunmen kill 5 female teachers in Pakistan 
3.8 	 Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption	Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption 
3.4 	 Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance	US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance 
1.8 	 6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands: CENC 
3.8 	 Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday 
0 	 Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial	Hard-hit hotels ready for price war 
5 	 Egypt court orders release of Mubarak	Egypt court orders Mubarak freed 
1.8 	 American investigators waiting to question arrested Boston bomber	Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect 
2.2 	 Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery	Nelson Mandela is recovering 
1.75 	 10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident 
4.2 	 Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites	Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites 
5 	 Women to face higher car insurance premiums	Women drivers to face insurance premium rise 
3.2 	 Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods	Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5 
0.8 	 China gives US regulators access to audit records	China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan 
2 	 Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent	Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct 
4.8 	 Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election	IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election 
5 	 China's new PM rejects US hacking claims	China Premier Li rejects 'groundless' US hacking accusations 
3.2 	 US Military Aircraft Hit in S. Sudan, 4 Wounded	US military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in South Sudan 
4.6 	 New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage 
2.6 	 Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing 
2.8 	 Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013	Picture of the Day  
3.4 	 Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape	Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape 
0 	 P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child	Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting 
1.4 	 Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls	Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet 
1 	 Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria	Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil 
5 	 East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings	East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings 
2.6 	 Afghan legislators approve new election law	Afghan president approves new electon law 
4.8 	 In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban	Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban 
1.4 	 Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers	Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears 
2.8 	 South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried	South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela 
3 	 Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon 
2.8 	 Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April	Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April 
1.2 	 Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter	Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later 
4.6 	 Israeli Minister Slams Kerry's Boycott Warning	Israeli minister slams Kerrys boycott warning 
5 	 Kenya Supreme Court upholds election result	Kenya SC upholds election result 
2.8 	 Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer	Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer  
5 	 Myanmars Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles	Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles 
3 	 10 Things to Know for Wednesday	10 Things to Know for Today 
4.4 	 White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts	White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts 
3.8 	 Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58 
1.6 	 Death toll in Colorado floods rises to four	Thousands told to evacuate in Colorado flooding 
4 	 Former Zambian president arrested	Zambia's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested 
4.2 	 US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief 
1 	 26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison	Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails 
4 	 Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data	Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data 
2.8 	 17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq 
4.2 	 Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies	Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies 
1.6 	 Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus	Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus 
2.6 	 Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets	Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense 
4.2 	 Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader	Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader 
4.8 	 US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria	U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria 
0.2 	 Twelve killed as gunmen raid village	Five Killed in Blasts in India 
1.4 	 Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper	Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested 
3 	 Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people	Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75 
4.6 	 Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies	Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94 
5 	 Snowden thanks Russia for asylum	Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum 
4.2 	 Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head	US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair 
3.8 	 French forces take key Mali town	French forces seize key town 
2.2 	 Nicaragua, Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden	Bolivia's Morales says he would grant asylum to Snowden if asked 
5 	 Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery 
1.6 	 'Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City	Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area 
0.8 	 Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting	Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting 
1.8 	 Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't	Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace 
0.8 	 5 killed, 50 injured in Pakistan blast	3 killed, 138 injured in Boston blasts: media 
3.6 	 Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery	Malala leaves British hospital 
4.2 	 Internet, phone service restored in Syrian capital	Internet service resumes in Syria 
4 	 two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel	Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool 
3.8 	 Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack	Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital 
3.2 	 Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area	Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah 
0 	 Residents return to Texas blast site	Residents return to Fallujah 
4.2 	 South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela	South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela 
4.2 	 Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide	Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance 
3.6 	 At least 38 Morsi supporters die in clashes	Dozens of Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes 
0 	 Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage	Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties 
2.6 	 Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower	Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher 
0 	 Sniper waiting for result of appeal	New glories for China in striving for renewal 
3 	 US stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report	Stock futures edge higher, all eyes on Fed 
2.5 	 Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday	China stocks close lower on Friday 
3.2 	 Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment	Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment 
3 	 EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe	EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe 
1.4 	 occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint	occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians Face a Route to Nowhere 
1.8 	 Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire	50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory 
3.4 	 Egypt set to lure Gulf investors	Egypt seeks to lure investors ... 
3.4 	 US-Russia reach agreement on Syria	US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons 
1.8 	 Palestinians, Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks	Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks 
0 	 Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election	Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win 
3 	 Miss New York Crowned Miss America 2013	Miss New York is crowned Miss America 
4 	 Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin	Obama canceled meeting with Putin 
3.6 	 KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day	KL shares mixed at mid-day 
2.8 	 Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	US drone strike kills at least ten in Pakistan 
2 	 Egypt court orders Mubarak release	Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request 
4 	 Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations	Franois Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims 
3 	 Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp	At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf 
2 	 'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge	Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges 
1 	 Bomb blast kills 10 in southwest Pakistan	Major quake kills 39 in Pakistan 
2.25 	 Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid	Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge 
1.4 	 Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution	'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote' 
3.6 	 David Cameron puts Sri Lanka on notice over war crime allegations	Sri Lanka warned over war crime allegations 
0 	 Mexico swears in president amid violent protests	Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban 
0.8 	 Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo	Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev 
2.2 	 Four killed, scores wounded in clashes across Egypt	Egypt violence: Student killed in clashes at Cairos Islamic university 
4 	 Helicopter crashes near rail station in London	Helicopter crashes in London 
3.8 	 Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos	Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos 
4 	 Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone	Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone 
1.2 	 Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores	Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines 
3.2 	 Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon	Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon 
0.6 	 RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria	S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap 
0.6 	 Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster	8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide 
4.6 	 US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief	Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair 
2.2 	 Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters	5 Taliban, 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes 
3.4 	 Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike 
2.2 	 At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq	At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts 
1 	 Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile	Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons 
0.6 	 Iran earthquake death toll rises	Algeria hostage death toll rises 
0.8 	 Suarez set for Cup comeback	French set for Mali ground combat 
0.6 	 Maldives team in India to observe an election	Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins 
3.2 	 Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe	Storm death toll rises as wind, rain batters north. Europe 
3.6 	 Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner	Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters 
4.2 	 Gunmen kidnap airline pilots in Lebanon	Gunmen kidnap 2 Turkish Airlines pilots in Lebanon 
2.2 	 Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage	New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage 
3.8 	 TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims	Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse' 
3 	 U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Pakistan drone strike kills up to six 
3 	 Building collapses in India; 25 feared trapped	India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped 
0 	 China detains city workers after fruit seller dies	Napthine takes the reins after Baillieu's leadership crumbles 
1.2 	 Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack	Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon 
4 	 Syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town	Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town 
2.8 	 Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners 
3.6 	 Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo	More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt 
4.8 	 Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown	Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown' 
3.8 	 Spanish train crash driver to be questioned	Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge 
4 	 France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons	France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria 
4 	 ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'	British soldier shot dead in Afghan insider attack 
3.4 	 About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede	61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede 
2.8 	 Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead 
1.2 	 Three dead in US marathon bomb	Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing 
5 	 Swiss tourist gang-raped in India	Swiss tourist gang-raped in India 
2.8 	 India Braces for Massive Cyclone	India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin 
0.2 	 US Senator McCain meets opposition leaders in Ukraine	SFG meeting reviews situation in Mali 
3.4 	 Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting	Discipline against student thought to be key to motive 
1.2 	 Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse	Many killed in Syrian air strike 
3.8 	 No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily	India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night 
3.8 	 Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack	Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack 
0.6 	 Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv	Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan 
3.6 	 Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks	Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks 
4 	 Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer's custom-made wheelchair	Thieves steal Channel swimmer's wheelchair 
4.6 	 Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen	Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square 
2.2 	 Singapore shares open lower on Friday	Singapore shares open higher on Thursday 
2.6 	 Obama pledges to reignite economy	Obama to press Congress to act on economy 
4.2 	 Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey in March: report	Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey 
2.4 	 Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead	Twin quakes kill 89 in China 
3.2 	 'Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms	Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings 
5 	 Kenyan forces caused mall collapse	Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse 
3.4 	 Japan revises GDP growth to annual 1.1 pct in Q3	Japans GDP growth downgraded to annual 1.1% 
1.4 	 Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections	Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections 
3 	 Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500	Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580 
3.8 	 Algeria hostage crisis ends; death toll unclear	Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath 
2.8 	 Egypt ministry again urges end to pro-Morsi protests	Egypt: Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest 
3.2 	 South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital 
3 	 China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD 
2.2 	 Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash	Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack 
3.6 	 A cat standing on tree branches.	A black and white cat is high up on tree branches. 
4.4 	 Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	Two green and white trains on tracks. 
2.6 	 A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.	A white cat stands on the floor. 
3.2 	 A large boat in the water at the marina.	A large boat on the sea. 
4 	 a bus driving in a street.	Red double decker bus driving down street. 
0 	 The lamb is looking at the camera.	A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge. 
4.8 	 A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train sits in the station. 
3.4 	 a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.	Woman at table busy with something. 
3.8 	 An Apple computer sitting on the floor.	A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor. 
3.4 	 A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A side view of a horse's head. 
2.8 	 A group of people eat at a table outside.	Group of elderly people sitting around a table. 
2.8 	 The curious boys look in the shed.	Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed. 
3.8 	 A jockey riding a horse.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen. 
1.4 	 A bull standing in the field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field. 
4 	 The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.	A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road. 
3.8 	 A woman riding a brown horse.	A young girl riding a brown horse. 
2.2 	 The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree. 
0 	 A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.	A black and white cat playing with a blanket. 
4.4 	 A moped in front of steps of ruins.	A moped in front of ruins. 
4 	 A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.	A man asleep in a chair holding a baby. 
3.8 	 A group of four people in a dinner having cake.	Four people eating dessert around a table. 
3 	 A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.	A black dog standing in a field. 
4.4 	 Close up of a bottle of water.	A close up view of a bottle of water. 
0.6 	 A close up of a brown faced cat.	A close up of an ostrich face. 
3.2 	 sheep standing in afield.	A sheep grazing in a field. 
2.6 	 A group of people eat at a table outside.	A group of elderly people pose around a dining table. 
3.6 	 A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.	A close up of a cat with its eyes closed. 
2.6 	 A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.	A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind. 
0.6 	 A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.	A small white car parked at the gas station. 
0 	 A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.	A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie. 
2.6 	 Two cats are looking at a window.	A white cat looking out of a window. 
1.4 	 A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.	a black and white photo of cows in their stalls. 
4.2 	 A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A brown horse stands in a lush green field. 
0 	 A pitched tent with a horse in the background.	A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background. 
0.4 	 Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.	A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background. 
4 	 The cows feed in the trough.	The brown and white cows are eating in the trough. 
2.25 	 A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.	A red and brown bird is perched on branches. 
1.2 	 A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle. 
4 	 A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.	A group of people sit around a table with food and beer. 
3.2 	 A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.	Black and brown table in living room setting. 
3.8 	 A brown horse stands in a lush green field.	A brown horse in a green field. 
4 	 a black and white cow in hay.	A black and white cow in a pen with hay. 
5 	 An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.	The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet. 
1 	 A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.	A race care driving along a dirt road. 
0 	 A bag of cotton in front of a couch.	Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door. 
4.4 	 Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.	A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass. 
0.4 	 Three young women standing in a room together.	Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water. 
4 	 Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic. 
1.2 	 A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.	The skinny cows are standing on the grass. 
1.6 	 A group of sheep in a field.	A group of horses grazing in a field. 
0 	 A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.	A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it. 
3 	 Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.	Messy computer desk with two monitors. 
3.2 	 A man sitting in a cluttered room.	A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room. 
1.4 	 Two white cows in a green pasture.	The tan horse is in the pasture. 
3.2 	 A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.	Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop. 
3.8 	 Black cow walking under trees in pasture.	Cow walking under the tree in a pasture. 
0.4 	 Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.	A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background. 
1.8 	 Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	four people sitting at a table. 
3.8 	 Red double decker bus driving down a street.	A red two story bus driving along the street. 
3.2 	 A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.	Two women sitting outside laughing. 
3.2 	 A bird holding on to a metal gate.	A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence. 
0.6 	 The skinny cows are standing on the grass.	The white ducks are standing on the ground. 
2.2 	 A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa. 
3.4 	 a woman with a big necklace.	A young woman with a black top and a necklace. 
1.8 	 Brown cow with horns standing in a field.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field. 
4.4 	 A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.	A cruise ship docked at shore. 
2.4 	 Black and white cat lying under bush.	The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt. 
3.6 	 Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.	A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind. 
0.8 	 A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen. 
0.6 	 A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.	A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground. 
0 	 Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree. 
0.8 	 The lamb is looking at the camera.	A cat looking at the camera. 
4.2 	 A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	A double decker bus on a city street. 
3.6 	 A jockey riding a horse in a pen.	A jockey rides a horse at a gallop. 
2.4 	 Two men on boat floating on the water.	Large green boat floating on water.l. 
3.6 	 This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.	The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car. 
3.2 	 A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.	A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees. 
0.2 	 A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground. 
2.4 	 A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.	Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp. 
0.8 	 A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.	Black and white lamb with tag in right ear. 
4 	 A woman holding a small baby.	A smiling woman holding a small baby. 
4.6 	 Group of horses grazing in grassy field.	A group of horses grazing in a field. 
3.4 	 Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.	Three men sitting at the table with beer and food. 
0.4 	 Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.	A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway. 
3.4 	 A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background. 
0.6 	 An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed. 
3.8 	 Two Eagles perched on a branch.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch. 
3.8 	 A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.	Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter. 
2 	 Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	Blue couch in room with sun shining in. 
2.4 	 A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera. 
3 	 A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.	Room with several computer monitors. 
3.8 	 Five birds stand on the snow.	Several cardinals stand in the snow. 
2 	 The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.	The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass. 
2.6 	 A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.	A black car parked in the dirt out in the country. 
2.2 	 A passenger train in the snow.	A passenger train waiting in a station. 
5 	 The black bird is sitting on the ground.	A blackbird sitting on the ground. 
2 	 The black and white bull is looking at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera. 
4.2 	 A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.	a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written. 
3.8 	 A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse. 
0.8 	 A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.	Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear. 
0 	 A living room with a dining table in the background.	A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background. 
2.2 	 The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.	Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates. 
3.6 	 A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.	The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building. 
3.6 	 The seagull is floating on the water.	A little bird floating in the water. 
0 	 The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.	A white cat stands on the floor. 
4.6 	 Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.	Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch. 
0 	 A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post. 
4.4 	 A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	A woman stands in front of a building in the snow. 
3.4 	 One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.	Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign. 
3 	 A black train moves down the tracks.	A mostly black train on a track. 
1 	 Five cows are grazing beside the road.	Several sheep grazing in the field. 
3.2 	 Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.	Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water. 
3.2 	 Black and white cows behind a fence.	Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky. 
4 	 A passenger train waiting in a station.	A passenger train waiting at the city train station. 
3.4 	 A white animal running through snow covered woods.	A white dog runs through a snow covered wood. 
4 	 A bicycle is parked by a shop.	A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore. 
0 	 A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	The train is riding on the tracks in the snow. 
4 	 A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.	A flat screen TV on the floor. 
2.4 	 A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.	A bicycle in a dining room. 
3.8 	 A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.	A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair. 
3.4 	 The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.	A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow. 
4.1 	 Black train on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks. 
4.1 	 Black train on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks. 
4 	 Young couple sitting on a black couch.	Young couple sitting on couch. 
2.8 	 A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.	A group of people are outside a decrepit building. 
0 	 An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.	Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch. 
3.6 	 Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.	Two women sitting on couch posing for camera. 
2.6 	 The bald eagle is perched on a rope.	Two bald eagles perched on a branch. 
4 	 A couple posing for a picture on a couch.	Young couple sitting on couch. 
0 	 The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.	There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep. 
3.8 	 Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	Two cats are looking at a window. 
3.75 	 Red double decker bus.	Red double decker bus with hood up. 
0 	 A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.	A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle. 
1.8 	 A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.	A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow. 
3.6 	 The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.	The black and white bull is looking at the camera. 
1.8 	 A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.	an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van. 
4.2 	 A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it. 
2 	 Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.	Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions. 
1.6 	 A black and white photo of an empty train station.	a black and white photo of a cat lying down. 
1.2 	 A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.	A dark brown horse standing in a field. 
3.6 	 A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.	An Apple computer sitting on the floor. 
4.6 	 a dog napping under a small table.	A dog sleeping under a table. 
3.6 	 Red and white bus driving down road.	A bus drives down a busy road. 
3.6 	 A boat with four sails is sailing on water.	Sail boat sailing on the water. 
4.6 	 Red sports car racing down track.	A red sports car driving quickly on a track. 
3 	 A smiling woman holding a small baby.	Two smiling women holding a baby. 
0.8 	 Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	Small dog sitting next to white wall. 
3.2 	 A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.	A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes. 
4.4 	 Red double decker bus on side of street.	A red double decker bus on a city street. 
0.4 	 A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background. 
1.2 	 The seagull is floating on the water.	Large cruise ship floating on the water. 
3 	 A motorcycle parked next to a car.	A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars. 
1.2 	 A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.	A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera. 
4 	 Gray cat looking out the window.	A cat looking out of a window. 
4.2 	 a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.	A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field. 
2.8 	 A potted plant in sunlight from a window.	A potted plant with only a few sprouting. 
5 	 Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.	Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track. 
2.8 	 Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.	four people are on a boat on green water. 
0 	 A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.	A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet. 
2.4 	 Two airplanes in the sky.	A plane in the sky. 
2 	 A coal train traveling down the tracks.	An old train sits idle on the tracks. 
1.4 	 There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.	A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer. 
4 	 An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.	A passenger train waiting in a station. 
1.8 	 A large jet on the ground at the airport.	A passenger jet flies through the air. 
4 	 A cat looking at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera. 
0 	 World news headlines displayed on a large screen.	A man dressed for a race relaxes. 
4 	 Two women posing with a baby.	Two smiling women holding a baby. 
2 	 A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.	A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse. 
4 	 A grey cat lying on a wooden table.	A grey cat laying on a dining table. 
1.4 	 People sitting on the porch.	People sitting on acouch. 
1.6 	 Two horses standing in a pen.	A group of horses grazing in a field. 
0 	 A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.	A man riding on the back of an orange SUV. 
3.4 	 The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.	Two trains are traveling on the track. 
1 	 Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch. 
1.4 	 A lamb stands near two tiny animals.	A sheep standing near her children. 
3.4 	 A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.	Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant. 
4.4 	 a close up head of an ostrich.	A close up of an ostrich face. 
2.2 	 A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.	A person jumping a motorbike in the air. 
0.2 	 Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	Many sheep standing on a green hill. 
4.2 	 Green and white bird perched on tree branch.	Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch. 
4.2 	 Sail boat sailing on the water.	Sail boat floating on the blue water. 
4.2 	 A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.	Red and white plane flying through the air. 
5 	 A man in a top hat rides a white horse.	A man with a top hat riding a white horse. 
0.8 	 A black and white photo of an old train station.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa. 
2.2 	 A bicycle in front of some ruins.	A pink bicycle is in front of a building. 
4.2 	 a woman with a viking hat on.	Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat. 
4.2 	 Parked white double decker bus.	A red and white double decker bus is parked. 
3.8 	 Red double decker bus on side of street.	A red double decker bus on a crowded street. 
0.2 	 A woman riding a brown horse.	A woman taking her own photo from above. 
2.8 	 A field of black faced sheep.	A black faced sheep. 
4 	 Two birds are perched on a metal band.	Two small birds perched on a metal bar. 
3.2 	 A bus drives down a busy road.	A green bus drives down a road. 
1.6 	 Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.	Wooden cabinets in kitchen. 
4.4 	 An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.	An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table. 
0 	 Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.	A red and white plane flying on a sunny day. 
4 	 A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A women wearing a bikini top and jeans. 
4 	 A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field. 
1.4 	 A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.	A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth. 
0.6 	 A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	A blue jay standing in a grassy field. 
3.2 	 A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	The white airplane is flying in the blue sky. 
0.2 	 Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	A woman in a pink top posing with beer. 
0 	 A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.	A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard. 
0.8 	 Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.	A girl sitting in a living chair. 
4.6 	 Train going down the tracks.	Train gliding on tracks. 
0.2 	 A young woman dressed in black.	Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs. 
4 	 Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.	Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach. 
3 	 Group of people sitting at table with drinks.	four people sitting at a table. 
2.6 	 A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.	A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl. 
0 	 A plane flying at a distance.	A woman with a white horse. 
0.2 	 A group of river barges with trees in the background.	A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears. 
3.6 	 A living room with a dining table in the background.	A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background. 
4 	 Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.	An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa. 
0 	 A passenger train coming into a station.	A large bird is flying through the air. 
3.4 	 Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.	Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background. 
0.6 	 A moped in front of ruins.	White bus parked in grass in front of building. 
1.4 	 People ride mopeds in an urban setting.	People riding horses in a fenced area. 
2.2 	 A black train moves down the tracks.	Black train idle on the tracks. 
3.5 	 A white jeep parked in front of a store.	A white Jeep parked on a street. 
0.4 	 Two women standing in front of tour bus.	Two men talking in front of a plane. 
1.2 	 A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.	A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle. 
2.6 	 Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	The silver train is parked in a station. 
0 	 A man rides a large black motorbike.	A child sits in a large black leather chair. 
0.8 	 A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	People stand outside a bookstore. 
3.8 	 Plane in mid-flight at sunset.	A plane flying near the sunset. 
0.4 	 Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch. 
3.4 	 Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.	Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden. 
3.4 	 A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.	A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage. 
3.8 	 A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.	A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door. 
3 	 Couple sailing in a small sailboat.	Two men sailing in a small sailboat. 
3.6 	 A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.	A motorcycle parked next to a car. 
5 	 Red double decker bus.	A red, double-decker bus. 
0.4 	 Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.	Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background. 
1.6 	 A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.	The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table. 
4.4 	 Man standing in front of silver train.	Man standing in front of a silver rail car. 
5 	 A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.	Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out. 
4.2 	 A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	a black and white cow standing in the field. 
4.2 	 a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.	A small bird perched on an icy branch. 
2.8 	 A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.	A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder. 
4 	 A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A man riding a white horse. 
4.2 	 A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.	Brown and white ducks walking on green grass. 
2.4 	 A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.	A black and white cat standing in front of a window. 
2.2 	 A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	A train traveling down the tracks. 
0.4 	 A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.	A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera. 
0.4 	 A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.	A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost. 
3.6 	 A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.	A man with a top hat riding a white horse. 
0 	 Two red buses driving in front of a garden.	Train pulling into a station. 
3.8 	 Cows grazing in a snow covered field.	Five cows grazing in a snow covered field. 
1.8 	 A man riding a white horse.	A woman riding a brown horse. 
3.8 	 A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree. 
0.6 	 This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.	There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background. 
3.2 	 Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.	A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza. 
4 	 A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.	A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse. 
0 	 A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage. 
3.2 	 Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.	Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box. 
4.6 	 Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.	Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees. 
4.2 	 A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.	a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves. 
3 	 A dog is wearing a gray jacket.	A dog laying in a pet jacket. 
4 	 A sheep stands on a hillside.	A large sheep standing on a hill. 
3.8 	 A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	a black and white cow standing in the field. 
4.8 	 Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.	a blue and red airplane while in flight. 
1 	 A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.	A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway. 
2.2 	 A girl riding a brown horse.	The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse. 
3.2 	 Man standing in front of yellow corvette.	A man is standing next to a yellow sports car. 
1.2 	 Three men posing in a tent.	Three men eating in a kitchen. 
0 	 A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.	The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse. 
2.8 	 A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.	Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain. 
0 	 The small dog protects its owner.	The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers. 
0.6 	 Children looking a sheep.	Child milking a cow outside. 
0.4 	 A white cat standing on a carpet.	A sheep standing in a forest. 
5 	 A flat screen TV on the floor.	A flat-screen TV sits on the floor. 
2.4 	 A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.	A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa. 
0 	 Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	Two men sailing in a small sailboat. 
1.4 	 Two sheep stand in a doorway.	Two rams stand on snowy ground. 
4.2 	 A train is at a train station.	The train sits at the train station. 
4 	 Room with several computer monitors.	A room with four computer monitors in a row. 
0.4 	 A line outside of a bookstore on a street.	The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street. 
0 	 The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.	a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence. 
1.8 	 A passenger jet sits on a runway.	A large passenger jet flying close to the ground. 
0.2 	 a little girl is laughing at the camera.	A white cow with big ears looking into the camera. 
0.4 	 Old green bottle sitting on a table.	Three men in suits sitting at a table. 
3.4 	 Three young women standing in a room together.	Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters. 
1.2 	 A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.	A black and white photo of an old train station. 
3.8 	 the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	The back of a sign with stickers on. 
3 	 Two white horses staring over a fence.	Two horses standing in a pen. 
3.2 	 Living room or den with large screen television.	Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television. 
0 	 The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.	The white airplane is flying in the sky. 
4 	 A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field. 
2.6 	 Two women sitting in lawn chairs.	Two women are sitting in a cafe. 
5 	 A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.	A red double decker bus driving down a street. 
4.2 	 a black and white photo of a cat lying down.	A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug. 
4.2 	 A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.	A man and woman are posing for the camera. 
3 	 A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	A ginger cat sitting on an office chair. 
1.6 	 A white cat standing on a carpet.	A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table. 
0.2 	 Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.	A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass. 
3 	 A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.	Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline. 
0 	 A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.	White bus parked in grass in front of building. 
4.6 	 A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.	A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet. 
3.2 	 A red train driving through a snow covered city.	The train is riding on the tracks in the snow. 
0 	 A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.	A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background. 
0 	 The black bird is sitting on the ground.	The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background. 
3.4 	 A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.	A man sits on a bed very close to a small television. 
3.2 	 A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.	A passenger plane parked on a runway. 
4.2 	 The headlights on a blue car.	Close up of the headlights on a blue car. 
4 	 A cat sleeps on purple sheet.	A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket. 
2.4 	 A passenger train coming into a station.	A passenger train sits in the station. 
1.2 	 A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A close-up of a horse. 
3 	 Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.	The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain. 
4.4 	 A red and white bus drives down an England street.	A red and white England bus drives down the street. 
0 	 An airplane facing the camera.	A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard. 
3.2 	 A woman riding a brown horse.	A person dressed in white on a brown horse. 
3.8 	 a jockey riding a horse.	A jockey riding a horse in a pen. 
3.4 	 The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.	Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals. 
4.4 	 A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.	A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture. 
4 	 A train is running on the tracks.	A train is running down the track in a rural area. 
3.4 	 A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.	A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening. 
4.4 	 Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.	A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane. 
1.8 	 The birds are swimming in the water.	Birds fly low over water. 
3.2 	 A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A large black bird is sitting in the water. 
2 	 A black dog looking at the camera.	The black and white bull is looking at the camera. 
3.2 	 A cruise liner docked at a port.	A cruise ship docked at a coast. 
2 	 A red double decker bus on a crowded street.	A white bus partially in the snow on a public street. 
4.8 	 A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.	A woman pets a dog in a gated yard. 
2.2 	 A black and white cat playing with a blanket.	A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn. 
3.2 	 A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.	This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day. 
3.8 	 A cat reclines on an office chair.	A ginger cat sitting on an office chair. 
2.6 	 A group of horses grazing in a field.	A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass. 
0 	 A group of people having a drink.	A row of locomotives on a siding in a field. 
0 	 Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby. 
3.4 	 Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	Three sheep in middle of gravel road. 
1 	 A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.	Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke. 
4 	 The train sits at the train station.	The blue train is at the station. 
0 	 A train sitting on the tracks near a field.	A baby is sitting in the grass. 
4.4 	 Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city. 
0 	 Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.	Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross. 
2.8 	 Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture. 
2.8 	 A race horse galloping without a rider.	A horse galloping while wearing the number 4. 
0.8 	 A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	A large bird of prey flying towards the camera. 
4.8 	 A group of horses grazing in a field.	Group of horses grazing in grassy field. 
4.2 	 A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.	This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle. 
3.2 	 A small bird perched on an icy branch.	A yellow bird perched on a branch. 
4 	 Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	People on motorbikes in a city street. 
2.2 	 Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.	Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car. 
3.2 	 Boy with glasses typing on a computer.	A boy looking at a computer screen. 
4.2 	 Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.	A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis. 
3.2 	 A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.	Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind. 
2.4 	 A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.	A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser. 
3.4 	 A smiling woman holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby. 
0 	 An Esso gas station with trees in the background.	Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background. 
4.2 	 Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.	Four blue and yellow planes in flight. 
0 	 A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.	A group of river barges with trees in the background. 
2.4 	 Three bottles are on a table.	Old green bottle sitting on a table. 
4.4 	 Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.	Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other. 
1.4 	 A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.	A train is at a train station. 
4.2 	 A train is at a train station.	A train parked at a train station. 
0.8 	 Two white dogs are swimming in the water.	The birds are swimming in the water. 
3.4 	 Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.	A white bird is steering a shopping cart. 
0.4 	 a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.	Bird sitting on a log in a lake. 
4.2 	 Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.	Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore. 
3.6 	 Two birds flying towards water feeder.	Two birds flying near bird feeders. 
1.6 	 Two cows standing in a large field.	Horse standing in a field. 
3.4 	 Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.	A row of beer bottles on the floor. 
2.4 	 Two women sitting outside laughing.	Two women standing outside of a bus. 
4 	 A group of sheep grazing on a hill.	A group of sheep are on a hill. 
2 	 A man stands in front of a train.	A man is standing in front of a raised statue,. 
1 	 A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.	A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera. 
4.4 	 Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.	Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign. 
4.8 	 A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby. 
4 	 A double decker red United bus on a city street.	A doubly decker red bus driving down the road. 
1 	 Two women sitting on brown couch.	Two women standing outside of a bus. 
3.2 	 A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera. 
0 	 The bird is sitting on the branch.	The sheep is standing under the trees. 
3.8 	 Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.	Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant. 
2.4 	 A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.	Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky. 
1.6 	 A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.	The black and white cat is looking up at the camera. 
3.2 	 A guy on a white horse.	A man riding a white horse in an arena. 
4.6 	 Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.	Two cows are drinking from a pond. 
2.4 	 There are several sheared sheep in a pen.	Three white sheep in an enclosure. 
3.2 	 Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.	a black and white cow standing in the field. 
5 	 The black dog is lying in the grass.	A black dog lies on the grass. 
3.4 	 Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	An office with multiple desks and green walls. 
4.6 	 Large white cruise ship floating on water.	Large cruise ship floating on the water. 
4.2 	 Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.	Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other. 
4 	 A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.	A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle. 
2.2 	 A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.	A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore. 
1.2 	 Ten sheep looking at the camera.	A cat on its back looking at the camera. 
1.4 	 A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera. 
0 	 A black table with white fuzzy chair.	A woman with her child. 
2.2 	 Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	A red double decker bus driving down a street. 
3.4 	 Sail boat sailing on the water.	Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day. 
4.2 	 A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.	A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand. 
3 	 Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.	Three people preparing to canoe. 
3.6 	 A girl riding on a brown and white horse.	A girl riding a brown horse. 
1 	 A mostly black train on a track.	A car parked in front of train tracks. 
0 	 A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.	A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse. 
4.2 	 Two bald eagles perched on a branch.	Two eagles are perched on a branch. 
0 	 A backpack standing beside a train.	A social gathering of people in a restaurant. 
0.8 	 A group of people in a living room.	A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom. 
0 	 A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.	A small child in a pink dress sits on a table. 
0 	 The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.	Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence. 
0 	 A girl with a red bag standing on the street.	A black dog is staring at a sheep. 
3.8 	 A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	A girl riding a tan horse. 
3.4 	 A horse rider is riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse. 
0 	 A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.	A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda. 
3.2 	 The bird is sitting on the branch.	A red and brown bird is perched on branches. 
4.2 	 A long train is on train tracks.	A train on the train tracks. 
3 	 A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.	A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen. 
2.8 	 A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.	A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk. 
0 	 A very retro living room with a television in it.	A grey cat lying on a wooden table. 
1 	 A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.	A black and white dog looking at the camera. 
4.2 	 A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.	An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway. 
3.4 	 a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.	A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him. 
2.6 	 A girl in a riding hat on a horse.	A girl riding a brown horse. 
4.2 	 Two people sailing a small white sail boat.	Couple sailing in a small sailboat. 
0.8 	 A white airplane is parked on the cement.	A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk. 
0 	 A group of peoples posing in fur hats.	A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on. 
0.8 	 Three cows grazing in a field.	Several sheep grazing in the field. 
2.6 	 A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.	A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills. 
4.8 	 The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.	A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table. 
1.4 	 Black domestic cat lying on brown table.	A grey cat laying on a dining table. 
3 	 A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.	A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl. 
3.2 	 Four children looking at barn animals.	Children looking a sheep. 
1.8 	 A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.	A black and white cat lying on a blanket. 
3.2 	 Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake. 
3.8 	 A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.	A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle. 
2.2 	 Red double decker bus taking on passengers.	Red double decker bus with hood up. 
3.8 	 The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.	Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick. 
0 	 A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.	A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake. 
2.6 	 Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.	A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog. 
2 	 Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.	Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man. 
2.8 	 A multi-colored train on a track.	A mostly black train on a track. 
2.2 	 A white and red bus traveling on the street.	The red bus is on the street. 
3.2 	 A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.	A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down. 
3 	 Small boat going down a creek.	a boat moving in a river. 
3 	 Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.	A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant. 
2.8 	 An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier. 
0 	 Two goats standing in a field by a tree.	A large boat pulling a small white boat. 
0 	 A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.	Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background. 
3 	 A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.	A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest. 
3.6 	 Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.	A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter. 
2.6 	 A large black bird is sitting in the water.	The birds are swimming in the water. 
3.4 	 A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.	A siamese cat resting on a white sofa. 
2.25 	 A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.	A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors. 
4 	 A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.	A yellow school bus parked in a field. 
3.2 	 A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.	A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle. 
0 	 The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.	The white sheep is standing on the green hill. 
4.2 	 A sheep standing on a table at auction.	Woolly sheep at auction house. 
0 	 A close-up of a black train engine.	Close up of a white sheep with a black head. 
4 	 A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.	A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair. 
3 	 a train rides on his tracks.	The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees. 
1.8 	 Two men on boat floating on the water.	A wooden yacht on the ocean. 
3.8 	 Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	A black and white horned cow standing in a field. 
4 	 A double decker red United bus on a city street.	A double decker bus drives on a city street. 
2.6 	 Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	A cat looking out of a window. 
2.6 	 The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.	A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room. 
2.8 	 A man riding a small bicycle.	A man is doing a wheelie on a bike. 
4.6 	 Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.	Three goats are chased by a dog. 
0.4 	 A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.	A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day. 
0 	 A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.	A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign. 
3.8 	 A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.	Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting. 
4 	 A black train moves down the tracks.	A train traveling down the tracks. 
1 	 A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.	A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it. 
3.8 	 A young girl riding a brown horse.	A woman in riding a brown horse. 
3.4 	 A black dog standing in a grassy area.	A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area. 
0 	 Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.	Three men in suits sitting at a table. 
2.2 	 Two women posing with a baby.	A woman poses with a baby. 
2.8 	 A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks. 
5 	 Train in a station.	a train in a station. 
4 	 A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.	A blue moped parked on the sidewalk. 
4.6 	 A blue bird standing on a lawn.	Blue bird standing on green grass. 
4.8 	 A red double decker bus on a city street.	A red double decker bus driving down a street. 
2.4 	 Two trains inside a train station.	The train sits at the train station. 
3.8 	 A woman equestrian riding a horse.	The woman is riding on the brown horse. 
3 	 An empty office cubicle.	An empty office chair in a cubicle. 
2.2 	 A man riding a white horse.	A woman with a white horse. 
3.8 	 Train going down the tracks.	A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks. 
2.2 	 A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.	A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen. 
2.2 	 A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant. 
3.8 	 A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.	Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach. 
3.4 	 A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.	A cruise ship docked at a coast. 
4 	 A white plane on the runway.	A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway. 
3.8 	 Two cows crossing a road intersection.	Two cows cross a paved street. 
4 	 Several cows grazing on the median by the road.	Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways. 
2.2 	 A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.	A leather couch and wooden table in a living room. 
0 	 The white ducks are standing on the ground.	A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway. 
4.2 	 A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.	A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field. 
3.6 	 Red double decker bus driving down street.	A double decker bus on a city street. 
3.2 	 A group of people eat at a table outside.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table. 
1.2 	 Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.	Person in grassy field tending to sheep. 
1.2 	 A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.	Close up of the rear of a red sports car. 
4.6 	 Two women shopping at a clothing store.	Two women in a clothing store. 
4.6 	 A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	Group of people sitting at table of restaurant. 
0 	 A close-up of a brown horse's head.	A close-up of a yellow school bus. 
0 	 A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.	A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub. 
2.6 	 A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.	Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse. 
3.8 	 A women standing next to a brown cow.	A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field. 
3.6 	 Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.	Two cats are looking at a window. 
3.6 	 A dog peaks out the back of a truck.	A dog is peeking out of the back of a van. 
3.8 	 Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.	A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake. 
3.6 	 The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera. 
3.2 	 Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.	A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle. 
3.6 	 A small white cat standing in a sink.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink. 
3.6 	 A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.	A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle. 
4 	 The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.	A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera. 
0.4 	 Two men standing in grass staring at a car.	Two women sitting in chairs in a shop. 
4 	 A computer on a desk.	A computer operating on a desk. 
1.6 	 A small child smiling at the camera.	A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower. 
2.4 	 A little bird floating in the water.	A duck floating in the water. 
0 	 A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.	Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room. 
3.8 	 A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.	A white bus with water and a barge in the background. 
3.8 	 Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.	Small office space with bright green walls. 
2.6 	 Old blue and white train on tracks.	A blue train in a mountainous area. 
1.6 	 Young baby girl sitting on table.	A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table. 
5 	 A green car parked at a saloon.	A green car parked outside the saloon. 
4 	 Yellow boat on a beach.	A yellow boat on shore. 
4.8 	 Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table. 
3.4 	 A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.	A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth. 
3.8 	 Train in a station.	Trains inside an indoor station. 
4 	 A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.	The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera. 
2.4 	 Two ducks are standing by the water.	The birds are swimming in the water. 
2.8 	 A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	Black and white cows behind a fence. 
0 	 Man playing guitar while sitting down.	Red and white bus driving down road. 
1.4 	 A man and woman are posing for the camera.	A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera. 
4.2 	 Red double decker bus driving down a street.	A double decker bus on a city street. 
3.6 	 A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.	White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway. 
4.6 	 Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.	Three cows grazing in a field. 
2.25 	 The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.	The white train is sitting on the tracks. 
0.4 	 A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa. 
3.6 	 Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.	Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome. 
1.6 	 A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.	A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her. 
2.6 	 A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch. 
0.4 	 A black and white cow in a pen with hay.	A black and white cat lies in the dirt. 
3.2 	 A red, double-decker bus.	Front and left side of a red double decker bus. 
0 	 A yellow school bus parked in a field.	A brown horse in a green field. 
3.2 	 A close-up view of a horse's head.	A side view of a horse's head. 
4.2 	 An elderly man works on his laptop at home.	Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop. 
3.2 	 An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.	A wooden yacht on the ocean. 
4.4 	 A sheep standing in a mountainous area.	A large sheep standing on a hill. 
1 	 A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.	A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse. 
4.8 	 A white plane on the runway.	A white airplane is on a runway. 
4.4 	 A tan puppy being petted.	A tan puppy being held and petted. 
0.4 	 The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch. 
3.8 	 Elegant dining room with wood furniture.	An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture. 
2 	 A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.	Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa. 
3.6 	 two motorbikes on a dirt track.	Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill. 
3.6 	 A man jumping his dirt bike.	A man on a bike jumping through the air. 
2.2 	 The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.	A black and white dog looking at the camera. 
3.8 	 A large pile of wooden items piled high.	A large pile of scrap wood. 
5 	 A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.	A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera. 
0.2 	 Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.	Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill. 
2 	 A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.	A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background. 
4 	 A woman riding a brown horse.	A girl riding a brown horse. 
1.2 	 Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.	a black and white photo of a cow under a tree. 
3.6 	 A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up. 
4 	 A black and white horned cow standing in a field.	A large black and white cow in a field. 
3 	 A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.	A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine. 
1.8 	 A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.	a black and white cow standing in the field. 
3.6 	 A double decker bus drives on a city street.	A red double decker bus driving down a street. 
1.8 	 Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.	A small white cat sitting in a sink. 
4.2 	 Boy feeding a sheep.	A boy feeding a sheep hay. 
4 	 A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site. 
0 	 A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.	A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle. 
0.8 	 a close up of a small cactus in a pot.	a close up of a woman holding a white puppy. 
4 	 The white sheep is standing on the green hill.	A sheep stands on a hillside. 
3.6 	 A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.	A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles. 
0 	 A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.	A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background. 
0 	 A wooden bicycle with an awning.	A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table. 
4.5 	 A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.	A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street. 
3 	 Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.	Two women are sitting in a cafe. 
2.6 	 Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.	A brown horse stands in tall grass. 
1.6 	 Two men wearing bike helmets.	Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop. 
3.2 	 An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.	A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac. 
2.8 	 A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.	Five birds stand on the snow. 
0 	 A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.	A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background. 
3.4 	 A man playing a video game in a store.	Man playing game in a store. 
3.6 	 A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.	A group of people sitting around a table with food on it. 
2.4 	 An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.	A group of elderly people pose around a dining table. 
0 	 A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.	A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background. 
5 	 the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.	The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers. 
4 	 A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.	A green bike parked outside a book store. 
4.4 	 a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.	A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel. 
0.6 	 A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.	A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep. 
3.6 	 Domestic cat looking out window.	A white cat looking out of a window. 
1.8 	 Two cows graze in a field.	A brown horse in a green field. 
3.6 	 A man in a black uniform on a white horse.	A man in a tux on a white horse. 
2.4 	 A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.	The cat is laying on an animal print blanket. 
4 	 Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.	Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera. 
3.4 	 Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.	two motorbikes on a dirt track. 
3.2 	 Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.	Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background. 
4 	 A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.	Close up of the headlights on a blue car. 
0.2 	 A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.	A person walks a dog along the water's edge. 
2.4 	 Cars driving near a model building.	Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building. 
3.4 	 A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.	A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk. 
2.6 	 A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.	A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down. 
0.8 	 A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.	A man is staring at a horse with a white mane. 
1.2 	 A white bird flying up onto a tree.	A white cat laying on a sheet. 
4 	 A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket. 
0.2 	 A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.	Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus. 
3.4 	 A group of people sitting around a table containing food.	A group of people sitting around a table on a porch. 
3.2 	 A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby. 
3 	 A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket. 
1.8 	 A black and white photo of a love seat.	A black and white photo of a bicycle. 
4.2 	 A living room with a dining table in the background.	View of a living room with a dining room in the background. 
1.4 	 A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.	Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant. 
4.25 	 A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.	A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees. 
4.2 	 Red double decker bus with hood open.	An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised. 
2.6 	 A laptop computer and a computer monitor.	A laptop and a PC at a workstation. 
1.8 	 A man riding a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse. 
3.8 	 View of a living room with a dining room in the background.	A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background. 
0.8 	 An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.	Young couple sitting on a black couch. 
2.4 	 A white cat laying on an office chair.	A white cat laying on a sheet. 
0 	 A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.	A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant. 
4 	 Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.	Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall. 
3 	 A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.	A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure. 
3.6 	 A subway train pulling into the station.	A white train pulling into a station. 
3.8 	 A bicycle is parked by a shop.	A green bike parked outside a book store. 
0 	 Two men standing on beach.	Two women standing in front of tour bus. 
3 	 A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.	A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him. 
1.4 	 Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.	A blue jay standing in a grassy field. 
0.2 	 A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.	A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer. 
4.6 	 Red double decker bus driving through the streets.	Red double decker bus driving down a street. 
3 	 A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.	A black swan flapping its wings on the water. 
4.2 	 A gray cat laying on a brown table.	A grey cat lying on a wooden table. 
4.4 	 Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.	A motorcycle parked next to a car. 
4 	 A close-up of a brown horse.	A close-up of a horse. 
4.4 	 Boy laying on couch with dog.	The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy. 
5 	 A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.	Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug. 
3.6 	 A large jet on the ground at the airport.	A large airplane parked at the airport at night. 
4 	 A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.	Pile of wooden debris with chair on top. 
0 	 Two women are sitting in a cafe.	Two men catching a fish in a swamp. 
4 	 Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.	Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor. 
4 	 An office with multiple desks and green walls.	Small office space with bright green walls. 
2 	 A woman leading a white horse.	A man in a tux on a white horse. 
1.4 	 A small child smiling at the camera.	A cat looking at the camera. 
2.6 	 A woman riding a brown horse.	Person dressed in blue riding brown horse. 
3.2 	 photo of a television screen showing a movie.	The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie. 
4.2 	 A bird perched on a flowerpot.	Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall. 
3.4 	 White cat sitting inside of a sink.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink. 
4.4 	 Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	Young girl in riding gear on a horse. 
3.8 	 Two people are sailing a small boat.	Two women in a sailboat. 
3 	 A small bird on a tiny branch.	A small bird perched on an icy branch. 
1.6 	 Two animals sitting on a rock.	Two eagles sitting on a long branch. 
4.2 	 Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.	Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo. 
4 	 A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.	Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car. 
1.8 	 A passenger train waiting at the city train station.	A passenger train with a yellow engine. 
4.4 	 Two young women shear a sheep.	Two women sheering a sheep. 
2.2 	 Left side of a silver train engine.	A close-up of a black train engine. 
3.8 	 The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.	A young female rider on a brown horse. 
3 	 Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.	A group of people sitting at a restaurant table. 
3.8 	 Little white lamb with nose to wood.	A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box. 
2.8 	 A black train moves down the tracks.	A long train is on train tracks. 
5 	 A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.	A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls. 
0 	 A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.	Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door. 
4.6 	 A young girl riding a white and grey horse.	a little girl is riding a white and grey horse. 
3.2 	 A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.	A black dog standing in a room being constructed. 
2.2 	 Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.	A leather couch and wooden table in a living room. 
3.6 	 A bird is flapping its wings in the water.	A black swan flapping its wings on the water. 
0.2 	 A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.	There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass. 
3.75 	 A black and white cat lying on a blanket.	A black and white cat laying on a cat bed. 
3.8 	 Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.	The woman is riding on the brown horse. 
3.4 	 A plane being readied for take-off.	A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac. 
0 	 A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.	A television with a show on. 
4 	 Four people rowing down a river.	Four people row a canoe in water. 
3.8 	 A dark brown horse standing in a field.	A brown horse in a green field. 
4.2 	 A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.	Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets. 
3.4 	 A white bicycle stands on a floor.	Old style bicycle parked on floor. 
3.2 	 A bird eating from a bird feeder.	A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder. 
4 	 Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.	Black bird standing on concrete. 
4.4 	 Two men talking in front of a plane.	Two men talking in front of a small plane. 
3.2 	 Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.	A grey dog standing in a grassy field. 
3.8 	 A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.	A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background. 
3.2 	 two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.	Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed. 
0.8 	 The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.	Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink. 
4.6 	 The train sits at the train station.	A train parked at a train station. 
4.2 	 A couple holds a baby.	Couple with newborn baby. 
4.25 	 A small bird eating from the feeder.	Bird eating from a bird feeder. 
4 	 Close up of a white sheep with a black head.	A close-up of a sheep with a black head. 
3 	 Two brown horses standing in grassy field.	Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field. 
5 	 A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.	A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog. 
3.2 	 A red bird is perched in a tree.	A small red and grey bird perched in a tree. 
0.4 	 Two buses parked on a street.	Yellow scooter parked in an alley way. 
1 	 A black and white dog looking at the camera.	A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera. 
0 	 Two animals sitting on a rock.	The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks. 
4.8 	 A train is on the railroad tracks.	A train on the train tracks. 
4 	 Boy lying on couch with small white dog.	A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog. 
3 	 Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.	A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe. 
2.6 	 A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.	A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table. 
3 	 A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.	A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks. 
4 	 A small red car on top of a semi truck.	Red sports car on top of white semi truck. 
3.4 	 The man poses for a photo in front of the train.	A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train. 
3.4 	 A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.	A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators. 
3.8 	 A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.	A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter. 
2.2 	 A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.	A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him. 
1 	 A black and white cow looking through the fence.	A black and white dog looking at the camera. 
3.2 	 A television in a messy room with several bookcases.	A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf. 
2.8 	 A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.	A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun. 
3.8 	 A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.	A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area. 
2.8 	 Two cows standing in a large field.	The cow is grazing in a field. 
3.4 	 A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.	A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence. 
4 	 A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.	A man stands next to a yellow Corvette. 
3.4 	 A grey house with a red door.	House with a red door. 
0.8 	 Two women in a clothing store.	Two women in a sailboat. 
3.8 	 A woman with a white horse.	A woman leading a white horse. 
3.2 	 a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.	A black and white photo of cattle at a trough. 
4 	 Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.	A man looking at a red motorcycle. 
0 	 Depressed woman sitting on couch.	Older woman holding newborn baby. 
4.2 	 Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.	a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it. 
0.6 	 A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.	A flock of birds flying over a body of water. 
1.6 	 Black and white cows grazing in a pen.	Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond. 
0 	 A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.	A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing. 
3.8 	 A man stands in front of a train.	A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train. 
4.6 	 A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.	A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day. 
3.4 	 A boat is on the water near a small plane.	A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock. 
0.6 	 A man riding a white horse in an arena.	A domestic animal stands in a pen. 
4.2 	 A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.	a computer on the floor. 
0 	 An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.	The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain. 
0.4 	 A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.	A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster. 
2.8 	 sheep standing in afield.	A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field. 
3.4 	 Group of elderly people sitting around a table.	A group of elderly people pose around a dining table. 
3.4 	 A black and white photo of a love seat.	Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end. 
2.8 	 Three women with brown hair are smiling.	Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling. 
1.6 	 A black and white photo of an empty train station.	A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa. 
4.8 	 The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.	Brown and white cows are eating from a trough. 
0 	 Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.	Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat. 
1 	 Black bird standing on concrete.	Blue bird standing on green grass. 
0.6 	 A black and white cow looking through the fence.	A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun. 
1.8 	 Several people on motorcycles in a market square.	People ride mopeds in an urban setting. 
1.8 	 A close-up of a sheep in the grass.	A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass. 
2 	 Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.	Tan domestic cat under black tarp. 
4 	 Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.	A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom. 
3.2 	 Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.	Two green birds flying above the telephone wires. 
3 	 A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.	A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot. 
2.6 	 Three cows grazing in a field.	Two cows graze in a field. 
3 	 A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.	TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus. 
3 	 A sheep beside a road and a lake.	A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background. 
0.8 	 Black and white cow standing in grassy field.	A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus. 
4.4 	 A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.	A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand. 
4.2 	 A group of people having a meal outside.	A group of people eat at a table outside. 
4 	 A baby holds a ketchup packet.	A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet. 
4.2 	 A close-up view of a horse's head.	A close-up of a brown horse's head. 
4.2 	 Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.	Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window. 
5 	 A train is at a train station.	a train in a station. 
3.6 	 A dark brown horse standing in a field.	Horse standing in a field. 
0 	 A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.	A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa. 
0.8 	 A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.	The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera. 
2.5 	 The black bird is sitting on the ground.	The bird is sitting on the branch. 
3 	 A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.	A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served. 
0.75 	 Tan cows look closely at the camera.	A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera. 
4.2 	 A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.	A blue moped parked on the sidewalk. 
3.4 	 Older woman holding newborn baby.	a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby. 
2 	 A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.	A small red and grey bird perched in a tree. 
4 	 the activity of learning or being trained	the gradual process of acquiring knowledge. 
3.8 	 thin metal strips used in typesetting	thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing. 
4.2 	 falcon: abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey	abandon the intended prey, turn, and pursue an inferior prey. 
1.8 	 the act of designating a role to someone	the act of designating or identifying something. 
4 	 make pure or free from sin	make pure or free from sin or guilt. 
4 	 leave undone or leave out	fail to do something; leave something undone. 
3.6 	 a social set or clique of friends	an unofficial association of people or groups. 
4.4 	 The upper part of a column.	the upper part of a column that supports the entablature. 
3 	 sink to a lower level; descend	sink to a lower level or form a depression. 
4.6 	 create code or computer programs	create code, write a computer program. 
3.2 	 release from confinement, obligation, or a burden	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to. 
4.4 	 (Cause to) sully the good name and reputation of.	charge falsely or with malicious intent; attack the good name and reputation of someone. 
3.4 	 a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation. 
4.4 	 Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center. 
5 	 Distribute systematically or strategically; initiate.	to distribute systematically or strategically. 
3.6 	 create something in the mind	form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case. 
4.8 	 (cause to) become less clear or indistinct	to make less distinct or clear. 
3.8 	 exempt or free from a burden, duty, or requirement	free from a burden, evil, or distress. 
4.2 	 a straight length of road or racetrack	a straightaway section of a racetrack. 
4.2 	 (cause to) emit a brief burst of light	emit a brief burst of light. 
3.2 	 stretch to the utmost, causing stress or injury	alter the shape of (something) by stress. 
4.4 	 move in a group or flock	move as a crowd or in a group. 
4.8 	 a temporary debarment, revoking of a privilege	a temporary debarment (from a privilege or position etc). 
4.8 	 An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection. 
4.6 	 clear mucus from one's throat	clear mucus or food from one's throat. 
3.6 	 preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction. 
4.6 	 an address used for postal communication	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with. 
4 	 An organization that sponsors a large public event	any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event. 
4.2 	 legally approve or ratify a person for a position	support a person for a position. 
5 	 Try to cure by special care or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.	try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury. 
1.4 	 anything with the form of a thin strip	a long thin implement resembling a length of wood. 
4 	 the controlling component of a grammatical constituent	(grammar) the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent. 
3.6 	 reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress. 
4.5 	 Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly. 
4.8 	 Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with. 
3.6 	 a cue given to someone for assistance	a cue given to a performer (usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken). 
1.6 	 make more common, uniform or general	draw from specific cases for more general cases. 
4.8 	 (cause to) burst or open, usually with a sharp sound	burst open with a sharp, explosive sound. 
3.4 	 Make (undue) claims of owning.	make undue claims to having. 
4.8 	 the political head of city government	the head of a city government. 
4.2 	 to cause to become quiet	become quiet or still; fall silent. 
4 	 More forward in a leaping or skipping manner.	move forward by leaps and bounds. 
4.4 	 give up right or possession to another	give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another. 
4.6 	 come as a logical consequence, be inferred	come as a logical consequence; follow logically. 
5 	 the event of gradually vanishing from view	the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight. 
4 	 feel anxious, concerned, uneasy, or apprehensive about	be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event. 
3.8 	 travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	travel along a zigzag path. 
5 	 create a mess or disorder	make a mess of or create disorder in. 
5 	 the state of being employed	the state of being employed or having a job. 
4.8 	 a sculpture of a human or animal	a sculpture representing a human or animal. 
1.75 	 (abstract) characterize, commemorate, make special (or respectful)	be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense. 
4 	 operating or traveling via a vehicle	travel or be transported in a vehicle. 
4.2 	 (cause to) fall or subside to a lower place, level, or value	fall or descend to a lower place or level. 
4 	 the ability to recall things	the ability to recall past occurrences. 
3.4 	 An animate agent utters with a spitting sound, as if in a rage.	utter with a spitting sound, as if in a rage. 
3.2 	 the noise of something rapping against a surface	the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing). 
2.6 	 Ask for and get something for free.	ask for and get free; be a parasite. 
1.6 	 a general condition of soundness of a system or machine	the general condition of body and mind. 
4.4 	 an area enclosed by walls or buildings	an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings. 
4.4 	 raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2. 
3 	 the act of surrendering an asset	the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc.. 
2.8 	 protect or speak up against criticism or opposition	protect or fight for as a champion. 
4 	 A relation of affinity or harmony between people.	a relation of affinity or harmony between people; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other. 
4 	 save from an experience, action or harm	save or relieve from an experience or action. 
4.8 	 go around the rim of	run around the rim of. 
0.8 	 take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution. 
4.2 	 separate (as if) by passing through a sieve	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements. 
5 	 a cultivated plant that is now growing wild	a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild. 
5 	 speed up the process of	speed up the progress of; facilitate. 
4.8 	 Provide evidence for; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes; embody.	provide evidence for; stand as proof of; show by one's behavior, attitude, or external attributes. 
4.2 	 a computer program that performs system support	(computer science) a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer. 
4.4 	 the length of time of a temporary cessation	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something. 
3.4 	 rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke	a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics. 
3.8 	 Make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable.	make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate. 
4.6 	 confine in or as if in a prison	confine as if in a prison. 
4.2 	 make amorous or sexual advances toward	approach with an offer of sexual favors. 
3.75 	 Put down by force, intimidation, or authority, as of a person; correct by punishment or discipline.	correct by punishment or discipline. 
2.8 	 break up a solid, usually into a solution	cause to go into a solution. 
4.6 	 A movement (physical or abstract) back from an impact.	a movement back from an impact. 
4.6 	 the act of putting something to use.	the action of putting something into operation. 
0.4 	 (cause to) relax, be at ease, assume a friendly manner	disentangle and raise the fibers of. 
3.2 	 a physical framework of crossing strips, often wooden	framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal. 
3.6 	 an itemized statement of money owed	an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered. 
4.6 	 positively-charged center part of an atom	the positively charged dense center of an atom. 
3.8 	 An event that causes someone or something to die.	an event that causes someone to die. 
0.8 	 indicate a decision or prediction	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee. 
4.6 	 state of being active, bustling about	the trait of being active; moving or acting rapidly and energetically. 
4 	 cause to become awake or alert	cause to be alert and energetic. 
4.6 	 Look through a book or some other written material (for information).	look through a book or other written material. 
5 	 the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication. 
4 	 meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	go to see for professional or business reasons. 
4.4 	 assembled group of spectators at a performance	a gathering of spectators or listeners at a (usually public) performance. 
3.6 	 give interlinear explanations or citations for text	provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase. 
3.6 	 Leave to someone after one's death.	leave or give by will after one's death. 
3 	 cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern. 
3.8 	 compel, enforce, or insist on something	compel to behave in a certain way. 
0.4 	 draw a cross in the air over something	travel across or pass over. 
4.2 	 give away something that is not needed	give up what is not strictly needed. 
4.6 	 (Cause to) become less interesting, attractive or vigorous.	become less interesting or attractive. 
4.4 	 have a disagreement or quarrel over something	have a disagreement over something. 
1.4 	 endure or experience a painful event	undergo (as of injuries and illnesses). 
4 	 the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	process or manner of functioning or operating. 
4 	 the event of coming to a stop, ending something	the event of something ending. 
4.4 	 return to a prior state	return to an original state. 
4.6 	 the United States, especially the North during the Civil War	the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War). 
4 	 (cause to) become overloaded or overcharged	place too much a load on. 
3.4 	 the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another. 
3.4 	 imagine; form a mental picture of something	form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract. 
3.4 	 indicate a decision or prediction	indicate a decision in regard to. 
5 	 carry a burden, real or metaphorical	carry a burden, either real or metaphoric. 
2.8 	 An official task or undertaking, usually funded	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted. 
3.2 	 the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism	the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism; the full DNA sequence of an organism. 
4.6 	 stamp or emboss with a block	stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block. 
3.8 	 (medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.	(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease. 
5 	 a flock of sheep or goats	a group of sheep or goats. 
3.8 	 a unit of atmospheric pressure	(meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter. 
3 	 a winning shot in tennis against opponent's serve	(tennis) a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving. 
4.4 	 a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else	someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else. 
4.6 	 the act of taking an offer	the act of taking something that is offered. 
4.8 	 hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground. 
3.4 	 a thrusting weapon, as a sword	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard. 
3.8 	 mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties. 
3.8 	 Walk heavily and firmly (like a cat) as when weary or over soft terrain.	walk heavily and firmly, as when weary, or through mud. 
3.4 	 pay unsolicited sexual attention to	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to. 
4.4 	 Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition. 
4.8 	 reshow a play or broadcast	rerun a performance of a play, for example. 
1.4 	 a figurative position in relation to other positions, as in arguments	a position given by its location to the side of an object. 
3 	 state of being under control	the state of being controlled or governed. 
4.8 	 a vehicle race on public roads	an automobile race run over public roads. 
5 	 Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained. 
4.2 	 take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong	institute legal proceedings against; file a suit against. 
3 	 move into and stay in a particular position	put into a certain place or abstract location. 
4.4 	 opening shot in billiards or pool	the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool. 
3.8 	 an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg	an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg. 
4.91666666666667 	 (cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions. 
3 	 An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	an informal right to something. 
2.8 	 fetching something from a source	act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source. 
4.6 	 communicate or make known by gestures, action, or signs	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs. 
4.8 	 strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin	strike (the top part of a ball in golf, baseball, or pool) giving it a forward spin. 
5 	 the act of spending, disbursing funds	the act of spending or disbursing money. 
0 	 recording tracks of music made on some medium	a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation. 
3.6 	 an inherent aptitude or talent	an aptitude that may be developed. 
4.6 	 Make liberal or more liberal, become more liberal, usually in terms of laws or rules.	make liberal or more liberal, of laws and rules. 
3.6 	 free from obligations, service or confinement	free from obligations or duties. 
4.6 	 twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain. 
3.2 	 a cause or source of duress, worry	difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension. 
3.6 	 a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance	the activity of managing or exerting control over something. 
0.6 	 move (as if) by lowering	come as if by falling. 
4.2 	 Process, or refine in a reverberating furnace	treat, process, heat, melt, or refine in a reverberatory furnace. 
4.8 	 economic term: raise economic demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices to experience reflation	economics: raise demand, expand the money supply, or raise prices, after a period of deflation. 
3 	 clean, cleanse, or able to be cleaned	cleanse with a cleaning agent, such as soap, and water. 
2.4 	 Summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic; ask for the aid or protection of.	request earnestly (something from somebody); ask for aid or protection. 
3.6 	 the act of throwing a baseball	(baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter. 
4.6 	 Break the skin (of a body part) by scraping; impact something else.	break the skin (of a body part) by scraping. 
4.8 	 Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use.	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use. 
2.8 	 (attempt to) convince to enroll, join or participate	register formally as a participant or member. 
3.4 	 give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation. 
4.4 	 Organize anew, as after a setback; collect or compose oneself.	organize anew, as after a setback. 
4.6 	 to catch in or as if in a trap; immobilize	catch in or as if in a trap. 
4.8 	 an exclusive, privileged group of people	an exclusive group of people. 
4.4 	 come into conflict, meet in opposition	be incompatible; be or come into conflict. 
4.6 	 react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command. 
3.4 	 provide with a soundtrack or voiceover	provide (movies) with a soundtrack of a foreign language. 
4.4 	 a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun. 
4.85 	 Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of. 
0 	 cause someone's attention, goals, thought to turn in another direction	occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion. 
0 	 The human act of making something new.	the event that occurred at the beginning of something. 
4.6 	 move or gather in a hive	move together in a hive or as if in a hive. 
4 	 rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash. 
4.6 	 Provide or equip specifically with furniture.	provide or equip with furniture. 
2 	 Make or create something for a specific function.	make out of components (often in an improvising manner). 
4.8 	 lowest employee salary permitted by law	the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay; determined by contract or by law. 
4.2 	 watery rot on produce caused by fungus	soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi. 
4.4 	 room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done. 
4.4 	 Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping. 
2.8 	 compress out of shape or into small pieces	become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure. 
4.4 	 a single tall stone, e.g., obelisk or monument	a single great stone (often in the form of a column or obelisk). 
4.2 	 (cause to) gradually become weak	cause to grow thin or weak. 
4.7 	 move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily. 
4.8 	 Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect.	prove to be false or incorrect. 
2.8 	 (cause to) be overlaid with something	provide with a covering or cause to be covered. 
3.4 	 carry as a backpack, go backpacking	carry, as on one's back. 
3.2 	 (Cause to) separate into constituents, weaken, or destroy specifically by soaking.	separate into constituents by soaking. 
4.6 	 GRATE ON: gnaw into emotionally; make resentful or angry.	gnaw into; make resentful or angry. 
4.6 	 glare or strike with intensity	glare or strike with great intensity. 
4.2 	 rightful portion or stake of something	(law) a right or legal share of something; a financial involvement with something. 
4.6 	 Be shiny; be a physical or metaphorical source of light.	shine brightly, like a star or a light. 
3.6 	 the rotating motion of an object	rotary motion of an object around its own axis. 
4.4 	 a romantic partner, girlfriend or boyfriend	(slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend. 
5 	 grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws. 
1.2 	 exceed or surpass, go beyond, be greater than something	pass by, over, or under without making contact. 
4.2 	 the outermost part of a car or truck wheel	the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached. 
4.4 	 turn in to get something in exchange	to turn in (vouchers or coupons) and receive something in exchange. 
5 	 the act of perceiving a scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something. 
4.4 	 relative darkness of a color	relative darkness or lightness of a color. 
2.8 	 express or transform in a new form or language	change from one form or medium into another. 
3.6 	 freshen, to make fresh; refreshen	become or make oneself fresh again. 
3.8 	 a work area for manufacturing or repair work	small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done. 
4.6 	 fall between two taxonomic groups	be intermediate between two taxonomic groups. 
4.6 	 bubble over with a certain feeling	overflow with a certain feeling. 
4 	 scoop up, as if with a ladle	scoop up by plunging one's hand or a ladle below the surface. 
4.2 	 The action of opposing some other social or military force.	the military action of resisting the enemy's advance. 
2.4 	 Incline or bend; changle configuration.	to incline or bend from a vertical position. 
4.6 	 (cause to) spray or wet with a spurt of liquid	wet with a spurt of liquid. 
4.6 	 To move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away (from something).	to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away. 
3.8 	 a specified portion of a whole	one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object. 
4.4 	 Join or attach (as if) with glue, possibly to cover the surface of an object.	join or attach with or as if with glue. 
3.4 	 move from one location to another	transfer from one place or period to another. 
4.8 	 to make a great mental or physical effort	make a great effort at a mental or physical task. 
3.2 	 FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line. 
4.8 	 completely use up a resource	use up the whole supply of. 
4.4 	 secure and protect a lifeform, maintain from injury or harm	maintain in safety from injury, harm, or danger. 
2.8 	 a local non-residential college offering two years of courses	a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community. 
5 	 Throw a glance at; take a brief look at or examine hastily.	throw a glance at; take a brief look at. 
4.5 	 an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron	an air force unit smaller than a squadron. 
0.4 	 interfere with someone else's activity	destroy the peace or tranquility of. 
4.4 	 assign to or arrange into categories	arrange or order by classes or categories. 
4.8 	 be eligible or suitable, meet requirements for/as	prove capable or fit; meet requirements. 
4.6 	 Treat a substance with some agent; add an agent to.	treat with an agent; add (an agent) to. 
4.8 	 build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts. 
2.4 	 make colder, or icy, using ice	cause to become ice or icy. 
3.5 	 provide a seat or base for	show to a seat; assign a seat for. 
4.4 	 Expose to air as to cool, freshen, or allow to escape.	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen. 
5 	 the act of perpetrating a crime	the act of committing a crime. 
5 	 support by placing on or against something solid	support by placing against something solid or rigid. 
0.2 	 not succeed in achieving some abstract thing	fail to make money in a business; make a loss or fail to profit. 
3.4 	 a pointed instrument for writing, stylus	a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving. 
4.8 	 partake or provide a banquet	partake in a feast or banquet. 
4.6 	 a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity. 
3.4 	 fasten by passing a rope through or around something	fasten by passing through a hole or around something. 
4.6 	 line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight. 
2.8 	 the act of enumerating or tallying a total	the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order. 
4.8 	 remove substances from a liquid or solution	remove a constituent from a liquid. 
5 	 study intensively as if preparing for a test	study intensively, as before an exam. 
4.6 	 decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim. 
2 	 bribe, make payments to in exchange for benefits	obtain by purchase; acquire by means of a financial transaction. 
2.2 	 a detention center for prisoners or drunks	a cell for violent prisoners. 
5 	 a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party	souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party. 
5 	 Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	run at a moderately swift pace. 
4.6 	 Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition. 
3.6 	 the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints	creating a picture with paints. 
3.6 	 owned territory of a sovereign government	the territory occupied by a nation. 
5 	 (Cause to) change from a gas to a liquid.	cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid. 
4.4 	 an operation that groups items according to specific criteria	an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion. 
4.4 	 Force to go away by blinking one eye.	force to go away by blinking. 
2.8 	 the tactile (touch) quality something has	the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin. 
3.2 	 Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation. 
4.6 	 drag loosely along a surface, trail	drag loosely along a surface; allow to sweep the ground. 
4 	 Influence or control skillfully and often deviously.	influence or control shrewdly or deviously. 
5 	 Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded.	cause to be perplexed or confounded. 
3.8 	 symbolize, serve as an example of	serve as a means of expressing something. 
1.6 	 the activity of removing a resource	the act of decreasing something markedly. 
3.6 	 pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a string	thread on or as if on a string. 
4.6 	 changing one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing. 
5 	 lack of agreement, not harmonious	lack of agreement or harmony. 
4 	 build, make by combining materials or parts	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts. 
4.2 	 the act or capability of seeing	the act of looking or seeing or observing. 
4.2 	 an assertion offered as evidence, a line of reasoning	a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true. 
4.2 	 stain with a dirty substance	stain with a dirty substance, such as soot. 
4.8 	 Appoint, ordain to a clerical post	appoint to a clerical posts. 
3.6 	 expect, predict, or forsee something in the future	make a prediction about; tell in advance. 
4.4 	 state or explain the meaning	give a definition for the meaning of a word. 
3.6 	 immerse briefly into liquid or container	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet, coat, or saturate. 
3.8 	 A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions.	a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment. 
4.4 	 pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway	pass by means through a lock in a waterway. 
4 	 cause to assume a condition	put into a certain state; cause to be in a certain state. 
4.25 	 the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets	a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets. 
2.2 	 drench periodically with liquid while cooking	cover with liquid before cooking. 
5 	 Raise to a higher energy level (as in physics)	raise to a higher energy level. 
4.8 	 make certain the failure or destruction of; destine	make certain of the failure or destruction of. 
1.8 	 function in a particular manner when moving	have certain properties when driven. 
4.2 	 a set of pieces of creative work for showing	a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers. 
4.2 	 a person who takes pictures, often a professional	someone who takes photographs professionally. 
4.2 	 Come into existence; reveal its presence or make an apprearance.	reveal its presence or make an appearance. 
4.66666666666667 	 Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading. 
1.2 	 discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	exhibit recognition for (an antigen or a substrate). 
4.2 	 perform or supervise a ritual	perform (a church sacrament) ritually. 
4.6 	 An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of. 
2 	 the close approach of one object to another	the motion of one object relative to another. 
5 	 act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes	act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes. 
3 	 cost or monetary value of goods or services	the high value or worth of something. 
4.4 	 a functioning unit of a larger political organization, a cadre	a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement. 
2.8 	 Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result; have as a logical consequence.	impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result. 
4.6 	 regard with consideration or respect	regard or treat with consideration, respect, and esteem. 
4 	 the act of lifting something	the act of raising something. 
3.4 	 Lie at an angle; bend along a path.	to incline or bend from a vertical position. 
3.2 	 hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of	prevent the progress or free movement of. 
0.8 	 The act of coming to rest after a voyage.	the act of coming down to the earth (or other surface). 
4.2 	 Put down by force or authority; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority.	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one's authority. 
5 	 remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling	remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string. 
4.6 	 manage, handle, or control something	direct the course of; manage or control. 
3.8 	 physical force that draws objects together	the force by which one object attracts another. 
3.6 	 deal with according to routine or procedure	deal with in a routine way. 
4.4 	 Enclose in a protective covering.	cover with a protective sheathing. 
4.8 	 reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action). 
4.2 	 a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue	a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink. 
1.2 	 the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of providing a subsidy. 
5 	 Draw in and expel air through lungs.	draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs. 
5 	 starting page of a website	the opening page of a web site. 
4.6 	 (Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.	tag the base runner to get him out. 
2 	 (cause to) move abruptly, often making a short, sharp sound	close with a snapping motion. 
3.6 	 people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	a party of people assembled for dancing. 
4.4 	 a conveyance or transporter, often wheeled	a conveyance that transports people or objects. 
4.6 	 365 days from January 1 to December 31, the Gregorian calendar	the year (reckoned from January 1 to December 31) according to Gregorian calendar. 
5 	 Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny. 
3.8 	 a vote, a public and legal choosing of officials	a vote to select the winner of a position or political office. 
3.4 	 approach a certain measurement, whether of age, speed, temperature, etc.	approach a certain age or speed. 
3.6 	 to fill with coal or oil	fill (a ship's bunker) with coal or oil. 
5 	 assign to a particular task	assign to a specific task. 
4.6 	 leave isolated with little hope of rescue	leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue. 
3.4 	 an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen	an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association. 
4 	 make coincide in time or operation	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner. 
5 	 confine in or as if in a prison	lock up or confine, in or as in a jail. 
4.8 	 the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth. 
4.4 	 a social system of production, distribution and consumption	the system of production and distribution and consumption. 
4.2 	 keep something intact, maintain unchanged condition	keep in safety and protect from harm, decay, loss, or destruction. 
2.8 	 a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition	the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual. 
4.8 	 regard something likely or reasonable to happen	regard something as probable or likely. 
5 	 an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time. 
5 	 have a great affection, liking, or desire for	have a great affection or liking for. 
2.8 	 keep something or someone under control; stop something from happening	stop for a moment, as if out of uncertainty or caution. 
4.4 	 Find out or determine, perhaps after a calculation or investigation.	find out, learn, or determine with certainty, usually by making an inquiry or other effort. 
3.75 	 Something that serves to suggest a certain fact.	something that serves to indicate or suggest. 
4.4 	 A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges.	a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges (used for maintenance). 
4.8 	 Obtain from a storage device, as of information on a computer.	obtain or retrieve from a storage device; as of information on a computer. 
4.25 	 repeat; reestablish or begin again	reestablish on a new, usually improved, basis or make new or like new. 
3 	 COMPUTERS: obtain data/images from magnetic tapes or with a beam of light	obtain data from magnetic tapes. 
3.8 	 Improve or perfect by polishing, pruning, or making more concise.	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing. 
5 	 signify or mean to express or convey	mean or intend to express or convey. 
4.6 	 Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat. 
3.4 	 a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine. 
4.4 	 Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully; separate or cause to separate; go to pieces.	separate or cause to separate abruptly. 
4.2 	 cause to match (ideas or acts); be compatible	cause to match, as of ideas or acts. 
4.4 	 (Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.	cause to be firmly attached. 
4 	 a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object. 
3.4 	 Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something. 
2.8 	 put or set into, between or among	put or introduce into something. 
4.2 	 a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else	a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another. 
4.6 	 division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor's degree	a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor's degree. 
4.8 	 Subsist on a meager allowance or supply.	subsist on a meager allowance. 
4.4 	 provide, raise, or supply funds to	obtain or provide money for. 
4.2 	 an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity	an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest. 
4.6 	 The act of creating written works.	the activity of putting something in written form. 
5 	 take or capture by force or authority	take or capture by force. 
4.6 	 Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch. 
3.2 	 an official campaign against a perceived societal harm	a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious. 
4.2 	 Remove feathers, pits, shells, skin, husks	remove shells or husks from. 
3.2 	 aggressive willingness to battle, pugnaciousness	an aggressive willingness to compete. 
4.8 	 Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin. 
4.9 	 give a neat appearance to, neaten	give a neat appearance to. 
0 	 the spatial, geometric contour of an object	the set of elements common to two or more sets. 
1.8 	 the physiological activation of an organism or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ. 
0.6 	 supporter, advocate of something or someone	the act of hiring something or someone. 
4.8 	 make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue. 
0 	 regulate or set the time of (a clock)	billow up in the form of a cloud. 
0 	 the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of testing something. 
4 	 the foremost part of something	the first part or section of something. 
1 	 the state of being in contact	the state of being active. 
0 	 measure the time or duration of	make weak by stunting the growth or development of. 
0.6 	 Create an electrical short in something.	the act of stopping something. 
4.4 	 Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	pull, or move with a sudden movement. 
5 	 the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication. 
0.6 	 final stage of an event or activity	make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity. 
0.4 	 the act of governing, administrating	the act of liberating someone or something. 
0 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of retaining something. 
0 	 the state of being retained	the state of being angry. 
0 	 hold in a given state or situation	create and charge with a task or function. 
1.2 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the management of someone or something. 
0.4 	 Soak up (as if) with a sponge.	hurl as if with a sling. 
4.6 	 register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member. 
0.2 	 The act of creating written works.	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity. 
0 	 the state of having options, alternatives	the act of admitting someone to enter. 
0 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of retaining something. 
0.6 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
0.2 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the state of inactivity following an interruption. 
0 	 the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of looking or seeing or observing. 
1 	 the state of being retained	the trait of being well behaved. 
1.4 	 Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation.	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation. 
0.4 	 act or do something in reaction to something	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up. 
0.6 	 the quality of being useful for something	the act of changing one thing for another thing. 
0 	 protect with or as if with a shield	separate with or as if with an instrument. 
4.6 	 Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective. 
0.2 	 bind somebody or become bound emotionally	be in some specified state or condition. 
0.8 	 assimilate into the mind or a situation	lift and reset in another soil or situation. 
1.26666666666667 	 The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident. 
4.26666666666667 	 put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
0 	 the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing. 
0 	 location sheltered from the wind	a portion removed from the whole. 
0.8 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing. 
5 	 Move or cause to move with a sudden, jerky movement.	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion. 
0 	 the act of intentionally omitting something	have flavor; taste of something. 
1.2 	 the noise of something rapping against a surface	the act of applying paint to a surface. 
2.6 	 (Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense. 
4.7 	 incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position. 
2.2 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of passing from one state or place to the next. 
0 	 make an incision or separation	take measures in preparation for. 
4.2 	 an established linear path of travel	an established line of travel or access. 
4.4 	 behave in a certain way, usu. joyful	behave in a certain way. 
0.2 	 make purer, more intense, as by removal of extraneous elements	make dirty or spotty, as by exposure to air; also used metaphorically. 
0 	 the spatial, geometric contour of an object	the speech act of objecting. 
2.8 	 a physical difficulty or obstacle	get despite difficulties or obstacles. 
4.8 	 ABIDE BY: act in accordance with rules, commands, or wishes.	act in accordance with someone's rules, commands, or wishes. 
0 	 want, desire or perfer to do something	a disagreement or argument about something important. 
2.4 	 look at or observe something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone. 
1.2 	 the nature, makeup or constitution of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something. 
5 	 make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to. 
2 	 move, transfer or carry something or someone	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated. 
0.4 	 the state of being retained	the state of being in effect or being operative. 
0 	 the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of perceiving the odor of something. 
4.2 	 FARM OUT: arrange for contracted work to be done by others.	arranged for contracted work to be done by others. 
0 	 Fasten (as if) with a rivet or rivets.	create and charge with a task or function. 
1.2 	 cause to be immersed in	cause to be firmly attached. 
0 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of describing something. 
4.8 	 build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts. 
0.2 	 (cause to) happen at a later time	where you live at a particular time. 
1 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of colliding with something. 
0.2 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of rejecting something. 
4.2 	 (Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease. 
0.8 	 the act of arriving at a certain place	the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts. 
0 	 the act of grasping into one's arms	the trait of wasting resources. 
0 	 a state of being encircled	the state of being excommunicated. 
4.7 	 incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position. 
0 	 (cause to) be overcome with sudden fears	to bring or combine together or with something else. 
1.8 	 leave undone or leave out	terminate, end, or take out. 
4.8 	 changing one thing for another	the act of changing one thing or position for another. 
4.66666666666667 	 Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading. 
0 	 put into or keep in a stall	bring into a different state. 
0 	 The appropriate or desirable thing.	the upper part of anything. 
0.4 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the act of clipping or snipping. 
4.6 	 a visual characterization of something	a visual representation of something. 
0 	 physically grapple with an opponent	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose. 
0 	 the scent or odor of something	the act of applying force to propel something. 
0 	 The human act of making something new.	the act of breaking something. 
4.91666666666667 	 (cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions. 
0 	 a state or act of gaining pleasure	the act of spending or disbursing money. 
2.4 	 Change the meaning of (someone's) words with intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive. 
0.4 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of testing something. 
4.26666666666667 	 put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
0.4 	 the act of appraising, critiquing something	the act of catching an object with the hands. 
3 	 (cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	cause to happen or be responsible for. 
4.2 	 take action or behave in a certain way	compel to behave in a certain way. 
0.8 	 the state of being retained	the state of being active. 
0 	 An instance or action of being incorrect.	show consideration for; take into account. 
0.4 	 the act of expressing approval, support of something	the act of decreasing something markedly. 
0.6 	 the act of putting something to use.	the activity of protecting something from loss or danger. 
4.4 	 Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate; be bossy towards someone.	discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner; intimidate. 
0 	 sacrifice or toll required to achieve something	an appraisal of the value of something. 
0 	 the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of taking of a person by force. 
0 	 the state of being employed	the state of being excommunicated. 
1.8 	 the quality of being useful for something	the quality of not being useful or convenient. 
0 	 a person who memorizes or learns quickly	a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor. 
0 	 the state of having one's weight supported	the state of being connected. 
0 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of raising something. 
4.46666666666667 	 give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of. 
0.4 	 An exciting or stimulating experience.	the act of constructing something. 
0 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of climbing something. 
0 	 the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of damaging something or someone. 
1.9 	 the act of putting something to use.	the act of testing something. 
0 	 the root or base form of a word	the removal of an opponent's piece from the chess board. 
1.6 	 be or come into conflict	originate or come into being. 
2.4 	 make or become more acute or intense	make or become more narrow or restricted. 
5 	 Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position. 
0 	 Literally cause to become unable to see.	bind by an obligation; cause to be indebted. 
0.8 	 attract; cause to be enamored by (one's) nature.	matter that has been deposited by some natural process. 
2.8 	 visual representation sketched by hand	a visual representation of something. 
0.4 	 a person who is a member of the senate	a person who is a member of a partnership. 
0 	 Cover or back with foil.	communicate or signal with a flag. 
0 	 The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being joined or united or linked. 
0.4 	 look at or observe something or someone	the act of hiring something or someone. 
4.9 	 give a neat appearance to, neaten	give a neat appearance to. 
1 	 an abundance or profusion of something	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon. 
3.6 	 request or demand a response from someone; challenge someone	make a request or demand for something to somebody. 
0.4 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of making up your mind about something. 
0 	 the state of being employed	the state of being depleted. 
0 	 set forth as an introduction or preface	stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of. 
0 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the act of providing a subsidy. 
0 	 The act of beginning something new.	the act of rejecting something. 
4.91666666666667 	 (cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions. 
0.2 	 live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee. 
0 	 The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of damaging something or someone. 
5 	 Bring, lead, or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action.	bring, lead, or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life, conduct, and adopt a right one. 
4.2 	 (Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	run at a moderately swift pace. 
0.4 	 (cause to) meet or intersect	cause to make a snapping sound. 
0.8 	 settle or deal with something	put or introduce into something. 
0.6 	 cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another. 
4 	 search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost. 
0 	 realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a restraint that checks the motion of something. 
3.6 	 Follow one's own or another's path	go one's own way; move apart. 
0.4 	 the state of being in contact	the state or fact of being an owner. 
5 	 the act or means of getting rid of something.	the act of removing or getting rid of something. 
0.8 	 set forth as an introduction or preface	set or ask for a certain price. 
2.2 	 severance from a social connection or tie	free from obligations or duties. 
1.26666666666667 	 The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident. 
0.6 	 the state of being retained	the state of being rejected. 
0.6 	 An instance or action of being incorrect.	the space where a division or parting occurs. 
4 	 DELIVER THE GOODS: attain success, reach a goal	attain success or reach a desired goal. 
3.7 	 the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of damaging something or someone. 
4.46666666666667 	 give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of. 
0 	 the pulsation of the heart	piece (something old) with a new part. 
0 	 behave or move in a certain manner	be worthy of or have a certain rating. 
4.7 	 move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily. 
4.8 	 infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case. 
0 	 a border or boundary of an object	plan, organize, and carry out (an event). 
0.75 	 the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of losing someone or something. 
0.4 	 The act of beginning something new.	the act of decreasing something markedly. 
4.5 	 administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions. 
0.75 	 Entreat; ask for some information or action.	the act of passing something to another person. 
0.4 	 The act of indicating or pointing out by name.	the act of spending or disbursing money. 
0.8 	 The act of beginning something new.	the act of stopping something. 
4.8 	 move from one location to another	move from one place to another. 
0 	 set forth as an introduction or preface	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen. 
0 	 the action of placing or situating an object	the act of choosing or selecting. 
0 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of breaking something. 
1.3 	 the state of being retained	the state of being connected. 
0 	 a consequence, outcome or result of something	have a disagreement over something. 
0 	 the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of changing one thing for another thing. 
0.4 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something. 
5 	 lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect. 
0 	 the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract. 
2.8 	 a rationale or reason for something	a relation that provides the foundation for something. 
1.4 	 request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone. 
4.6 	 register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member. 
0.4 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the trait of wasting resources. 
3.6 	 defining, distinctive form or shape of something	a prominent attribute or aspect of something. 
4.6 	 RUN AGROUND--(cause to) come to the ground	cause to come to the ground. 
5 	 Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth. 
0 	 an aggregation of things or people	the visual appearance of something or someone. 
0.4 	 trace the form or outline of	change the arrangement or position of. 
0.4 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something. 
0.6 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
1.2 	 Manipulate or move something in order to operate.	act or move at high speed. 
0.4 	 the process of becoming less or smaller	the bodily process of discharging waste matter. 
1.2 	 the state of being retained	the state of being actual or real. 
4.8 	 Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave.	rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave. 
1.4 	 make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view	make a channel for; provide with a channel. 
0 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of spending or disbursing money. 
4.6 	 combine so as to form a more complex product	combine so as to form a whole; mix. 
5 	 Understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something. 
0.4 	 the flavor quality of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something. 
0.4 	 estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	observe or plot the moving path of something. 
0.8 	 put in a dangerous position	put in a horizontal position. 
4.8 	 a store or supply of something	a large or extra supply of something. 
0 	 Understand the meaning of something.	organize (the production of something) into an industry. 
1 	 an allotment or percentage of something	an appraisal of the value of something. 
0 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the act of exploding or bursting. 
4.4 	 give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for. 
0 	 take legal action against, as in court	tie or fasten into a knot. 
0 	 The act of searching for or buying goods or services.	the act of branching out or dividing into branches. 
0 	 bring to a certain pressure	bring to a certain spiritual state. 
5 	 penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument. 
0.4 	 (Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed. 
0 	 the way something conforms to a shape	how something is done or how it happens. 
0.4 	 realize and regret the absence of something or somebody	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody. 
4.8 	 Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief. 
0 	 an agent or company that insures something	an energetic attempt to achieve something. 
0 	 the event of proposing or volunteering something	the act of rejecting something. 
1.2 	 remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race. 
4.2 	 (Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease. 
0 	 free (from restraint), let loose	a loud resonant repeating noise. 
0.4 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone. 
2.8 	 remove to or from a place or situation	remove or force out from a position. 
0.6 	 The act of beginning something new.	the act of breaking something. 
0 	 the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	the activity of protecting someone or something. 
0 	 act of moving or conveying something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
0 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the activity of supplying or providing something. 
1.9 	 the act of putting something to use.	the act of testing something. 
0 	 draw a cross in the air over something	get the meaning of something. 
2.6 	 the act of forcibly taking the opposition	the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw. 
0 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of winding or twisting. 
5 	 Provoke someone to do something through (often exaggerated or false) promises or persuasion.	provoke someone to do something through (often false or exaggerated) promises or persuasion. 
0 	 Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	the power to use something or someone. 
1.4 	 an indication of something, evidence	the disclosure of something secret. 
0 	 the act of improving something's quality	the act of starting something. 
4.4 	 create a new entity by putting components or members together	create by putting components or members together. 
0 	 small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe	something that floats on the surface of water. 
0.4 	 the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of putting something in working order again. 
0 	 the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded. 
5 	 Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained. 
2.6 	 collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content	the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment. 
0 	 turn, twist or fasten (as if) with a screw	take out or up with or as if with a scoop. 
3.8 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of projecting out from something. 
1.2 	 become or cause to become obstructed	become or cause to become soft or liquid. 
0 	 have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	the enclosing frame around a door or window opening. 
0 	 the act of forcibly taking the opposition	the act of cracking something. 
0.6 	 The human act of making something new.	the act of raising something. 
4.26666666666667 	 put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
0 	 (cause to) happen at a later time	cause to skip over a surface. 
0.4 	 a small, indefinite portion of something	lumber used in the construction of something. 
4.4 	 be given to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of. 
4.26666666666667 	 put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
0.2 	 Make a crushing noise, possibly as the result of pressing or grinding.	have a range; be capable of projecting over a certain distance, as of a gun. 
1.4 	 place or lay as if in a pile	enclose in or as if in a frame. 
0.6 	 the act of rubbing a surface	the act of applying paint to a surface. 
5 	 Move or arrange oneself (oneselves) in a comfortable and cozy position.	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position. 
0.6 	 Refuse to recognize something as valid (not a person).	the speech act of making something evident. 
0 	 the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of referring or consulting. 
0.4 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of starting something. 
1 	 the act of putting something to use.	the act of putting something somewhere. 
0 	 meet or encounter on social or professional capacity	get or extort (money or other possessions) from someone. 
0 	 the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of starting something. 
0 	 the state of being retained	the act of breaking something. 
4.85 	 Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of. 
1.8 	 cause or become accessible state, make or become available	cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to. 
1 	 remove from a place or from office	remove from memory or existence. 
0 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something. 
4.6 	 get or find back; recover	get or find back; recover the use of. 
0.2 	 regard something likely or reasonable to happen	change toward something smaller or lower. 
0 	 An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	an advantage to the benefit of someone or something. 
4.2 	 carry out or complete an activity	carry out or perform an action. 
4.4 	 Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness. 
0 	 cause to turn from one course or use to another	cause (a liquid) to leach or percolate. 
1.6 	 (cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	cause to appear in a new form. 
0.4 	 the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of drawing or hauling something. 
0 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of constructing something. 
0 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	draw up an outline or sketch for something. 
1.4 	 (cause to) come apart, separate, or split	cause to be agitated, excited, or roused. 
1.2 	 remove from a place or from office	remove from a contest or race. 
4.46666666666667 	 give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of. 
0.8 	 the act of flipping an object into the air	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something. 
0.2 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of choosing or selecting. 
0 	 the act of protesting, dissenting	the act of breaking something. 
0 	 the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the activity of protecting someone or something. 
0 	 make an image or sound clearer; put into focus	make a mess of or create disorder in. 
0.2 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of catching an object with the hands. 
1 	 the act of appraising, critiquing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
4.2 	 (Cause to) run at a moderately swift pace.	run at a moderately swift pace. 
0.4 	 pass time in a particular place or way	assign a new time and place for an event. 
0 	 (Cause to) be covered with something.	give someone credit for something. 
0.4 	 (The act of making) a measurement of something.	the state of being unsure of something. 
3.8 	 write all the required information	write all the required information onto a form. 
0 	 abrupt state of disbelief about something	the act of choosing or selecting. 
0.2 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the act of forming or establishing something. 
0 	 the cause or instigation of something	the end or completion of something. 
4.4 	 Lose clarity or turn aside, especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument.	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing, thinking, or speaking. 
0 	 a context or situation that hinders or impedes	a negative aspect of something that is generally positive. 
0 	 Create an electrical short in something.	have an argument about something. 
3.2 	 Have a complexion with a strong bright color; reflect emotion via one's complexion.	have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink. 
3 	 ascribe or place in association with	be or act in association with. 
0 	 A plant structure near the top of the plant.	a strong current of air. 
0 	 the act of rubbing a surface	the act of giving temporary assistance. 
0.4 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of starting something. 
5 	 Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained. 
0 	 rounded end of a bone	put in the mind of someone. 
0 	 the action of placing or situating an object	the condition of living or the state of being alive. 
1.8 	 the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding. 
4.5 	 administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions. 
0 	 the assertion of a proposition offered as true	the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with. 
0 	 the act of entering a structure	the state of being actual or real. 
0 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of ending something. 
4.8 	 An area that is central within some larger region.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region. 
0 	 reduce the price of something	the rate of some repeating event. 
0 	 An instance or action of being incorrect.	the status or fact of being elected. 
0 	 the state of being in working order	the state of being actual or real. 
1.3 	 the state of being retained	the state of being connected. 
1.2 	 the action of placing or situating an object	a formation of people or things one beside another. 
0.4 	 the act of conscripting soldiers for an army	the act of competing as for profit or a prize. 
0.4 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of stopping something. 
0.8 	 the state of being employed	the state of being excluded. 
0 	 have in mind as a plan or purpose	wipe with a sponge, so as to clean or moisten. 
0 	 the act of protesting, dissenting	the act of hitting vigorously. 
5 	 class of students taught together	a body of students who are taught together. 
4.85 	 Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of. 
0 	 Put in motion or move to act; make active or more active.	something serving as a cover or protection. 
0 	 the act of cutting off length, snipping off	the act of making or enacting laws. 
0 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of climbing something. 
4.91666666666667 	 (cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions. 
0.2 	 cover with a primer base	move with a thrashing motion. 
0.6 	 the state of having options, alternatives	the act of coming to land after a voyage. 
0.8 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of perceiving the odor of something. 
4 	 behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner. 
0 	 the essence or gist of something	the disadvantage that results from losing something. 
4.4 	 prepare for/put to action or use	make ready for action or use. 
2.2 	 cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious. 
4.4 	 a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft. 
2.6 	 pass into by penetrating or permeating	the act of breaking something. 
0 	 a boundary area or edge of something	a concentrated example of something. 
4.4 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something. 
0.6 	 The act of beginning something new.	the act of ending something. 
0 	 the quality of heightened light on areas of an object	the date on which an obligation must be repaid. 
0 	 unite; merge with something already in existence	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
0.4 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of removing or getting rid of something. 
1 	 the state of being retained	the state of being suspected. 
0 	 the act of governing, administrating	the rate of moving (especially walking or running). 
0.4 	 the quality of being useful for something	the act of making up your mind about something. 
0 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of raising something. 
5 	 be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact. 
0 	 the place within which an authority has power	the act of adding one thing to another. 
2.6 	 the foremost part of something	the greatest possible degree of something. 
2.8 	 mark or cover with or as if with dots	cover with or as if with a cloak. 
0.4 	 the act of putting something to use.	the act of starting something. 
0 	 Vomit, either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion.	something copied or derived from an original. 
0 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the general outward appearance of something. 
2 	 the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of raising something. 
4.91666666666667 	 (cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions. 
0 	 the act of putting something to use.	the path followed by an object moving through space. 
0 	 a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something	a relation that provides the foundation for something. 
0.8 	 the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of contacting one thing with another. 
0.6 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
0.4 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the state of being excluded. 
0 	 the act of applying paint to a surface	the act of flipping a coin. 
4.2 	 behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain way. 
4.66666666666667 	 Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading. 
0 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged. 
0 	 Put on cream, as on one's face or body.	carry, as on one's back. 
1 	 supporter, advocate of something or someone	the visual appearance of something or someone. 
4.85 	 Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of. 
0 	 Wear or display, as in a facet of something or an article of clothing.	a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances. 
2.6 	 move into and stay in a particular position	concentrate on a particular place or spot. 
4.2 	 (cause to) move back and forth or side to side	move back and forth or sideways. 
4 	 Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity. 
0 	 state of being unclothed, naked	the act of climbing something. 
0 	 the noise of something rapping against a surface	the event of something burning (often destructive). 
0.2 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of retaining something. 
4.4 	 Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams. 
0.8 	 snatching or capturing a freely moving object	searching for or buying goods or services. 
0 	 (Cause to) become widely distributed.	become or cause to become obstructed. 
1.26666666666667 	 The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident. 
4 	 trace the form or outline of	show the form or outline of. 
0 	 Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove.	move through with or as if with a rake. 
0 	 The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of explaining; making something plain or intelligible. 
1.2 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of forming or establishing something. 
4.4 	 Complain; talk in a tearful manner.	talk in a tearful manner. 
0 	 exist in a certain manner, mode, or style	the last or lowest in an ordering or series. 
0.4 	 the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of choosing or selecting. 
4.6 	 glean or gather natural products	gather, as of natural products. 
4.26666666666667 	 put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
0.2 	 Saturate or inocculate with a substance.	make a mark or lines on a surface. 
0 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of adding one thing to another. 
4.4 	 make tracks on a surface	make a mark or lines on a surface. 
0.8 	 the act of putting something to use.	the act of hiring something or someone. 
0 	 the identification or the realization of something	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something. 
4 	 to make ready, fit out	make ready for action or use. 
0.8 	 the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something. 
1.4 	 the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of adding one thing to another. 
3.8 	 Cause to move forward with force.	vary or move from a fixed point or course. 
0 	 the manner in which something or someon functions or operates	the amount by which something decreases. 
1.8 	 injure by turning or rotating	move by turning over or rotating. 
0.6 	 the act of forecasting or predicting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
2.2 	 cause to be in a state or location	put into a certain place or abstract location. 
0.4 	 protect with or as if with a shield	maintain with or as if with a bet. 
0.6 	 The human act of making something new.	the act of raising something. 
5 	 the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication. 
0 	 the crown of a flowering plant	the reduction of something's value or worth. 
4.6 	 want, desire or perfer to do something	prefer or wish to do something. 
0.6 	 the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the act of liberating someone or something. 
4.4 	 Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams. 
0.2 	 the act of combining, blending, integrating	(theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence. 
1 	 the activity of pretending to be someone or something else	the act of damaging something or someone. 
3.7 	 the act of harming or hurting someone	the act of damaging something or someone. 
4.26666666666667 	 put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
0.6 	 Global online #education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty -	Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities 
2.4 	 Hollywood Accepts Chinese Censorship (Will Movies Get Any Better?)	In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say 
3.8 	 #Bloomberg: Assault weapon ban tough sell  Pub. enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor: Big Gulps and #guns. #ocra	Bloomberg: Assault weapons ban is tough sell 
4.2 	 Car bomb detonates outside #Afghan intelligence agency; casualty toll unclear.	Powerful Car Bomb Explodes Outside Afghan Intelligence Agency 
4 	 What's in Feinstein's gun bill -   #tgdn #pjnet	What's in Feinstein's bill? 
2.2 	 Linda Greenhouse: Roe v. Wade was abt drs facing prosecution for acting in what they saw as patients' best interests	Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade 
2 	 Special measures for Beijing polution:	Smog cloud blankets Beijing 
3.4 	 SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : "American Taliban" John Walker Lindh wins case over Muslim group prayer in prison	'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer 
2.8 	 The questions Oprah should've asked Lance Amstrong	Hard Questions for Lance Armstrong 
3 	 Cc  ": At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
0.8 	 Not a tear here: Red Brigades jagoff dies, year older than me, fuck him:	Prospero Gallinari, a Terrorist, Is Dead at 62 
1 	 so many places to go...	The 46 Places to Go in 2013 
4.2 	 As #California Bounces Back, Governor Calls For Lofty Goals	With California Rebounding, Governor Pushes Big Projects 
4.2 	 NYTimes: #Leishmaniasis: A #Genetic Link Found in Far-Flung Victims of a Lethal Form of a Parasitic Disease	Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis 
4.4 	 Jesus... At least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in Brazil.	Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil 
0.4 	 So the company mad, isn't this what most companies are doing?	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos 
1.6 	 Taking Aim  #Stopgunviolence #Congress #NRA	Obama, Gun Policy and the N.R.A. 
4 	 #NRA releases target shooting app, hmm wait a sec..	NRA draws heat for shooting game 
4.8 	 Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali #Africa #conflict #humanrights	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali 
3 	 slams guest over AR-15s	Piers, guest clash over AR-15s 
3.2 	 A truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in Arctic Norway for the last six days.	World Briefing | Europe: Norway: Cheese Fire Shuts Tunnel 
2 	 Sex abuse common, but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans A Pedophile in Plain Sight	Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight 
3.2 	 Death toll climbs to 220 in #Brazil nightclub fire, official says.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.8 	 (I love him!!!!) 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling -	Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!) 
3.6 	 U.S. withdrawal is 'tough love' for Afghans	U.S. 'tough love' for Afghan troops 
1.5 	 NYTimes: Andrew Revkin on next steps for China in cleaning up pollution.	Charting a Post-Pollution Path for Cities - From London, 1952, through Beijing, 2013 
3.6 	 Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His SilenceTELL THE JUSTICE THAT COURTESY WILL NOT PROTECT CITIZENS RIGHTS.GET WITH IT!	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court 
3.4 	 NATO: Missile battery opens on Syrian border  this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here.	NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border 
4 	 What's wrong with the Boeing Dreamliner? ". Airlines must be SO happy!	What's wrong with the Dreamliner? 
4.6 	 Hopefully not together ": Richard Pryor & Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries "	Richard Pryor and Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries 
3.4 	 We will pass a milestone this year: the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild	A Milestone Looms for Farm-Raised Fish 
1 	 Design, design, design. ?We?re on the tail end of technology being special,? says John Maeda.	Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward 
4.4 	 Interesting article on the CNN homepage. "Mickleson has a point on taxes."	Mickelson has a point on taxes 
3.2 	 Pictures of the Day: Pakistan, Syria, Indonesia, Germany, Phillipines and Mali.	Pictures of the Day: Pakistan and Elsewhere 
3.8 	 How #Vine video may change Twitter #in	6 ways Vine's six seconds may change Twitter 
1.2 	 +1 MT ? "I loathe writing with..a kind of phobia.. only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it" Styron	?Selected Letters of William Styron? 
4.6 	 SPORT: MT  Lance Armstrong confesses to doping. Next step? Testifying against the higher-ups in cycling.	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
4 	 Bloomberg chips in a billion	Bloomberg gives $1.1B to university 
4.4 	 U.S. government-supported rescue mission of French hostage in Somalia failed.	U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia 
4.4 	 NYTimes: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville, USA?	Op-Ed Columnist: Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville? 
2.6 	 Cardinal Mahony, abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers. So sad and frustrating.	Mahony Shielded Abusive Priests, Documents Show 
1.6 	 "Tennis: Djokovic claims Aussie triumph  ZmerchNews dot Com"	Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row 
2 	 Man Crapping Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station 
2.6 	 #US details help in failed #hostage rescue. #Somalia #France	U.S. supported France's failed hostage rescue in Somalia 
4.4 	 Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great  CNNMoney	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough 
3.4 	 Internet Activist #AaronSwartz,Creator of #RSS, Is Dead at 26- Suicide. Was the pressure of pending lawsuits too much?	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26 
4 	 The truth about publicity...  Bad publicity does exist. #pr #media	Maybe There Is Such a Thing as Bad Publicity 
3.6 	 #Revolution Hits the #Universities by   #distance #education #sustainability	Op-Ed Columnist: Revolution Hits the Universities 
3.8 	 VICKI HUDDLESTON : Why We Must Help #Save #Mali	Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali 
4.4 	 This is a weird article. "Ray Kurzweil Says Were Going to Live Forever"	Talk: Ray Kurzweil Says We?re Going to Live Forever 
1 	 Daannngg! ?: Lance Armstrong tells Oprah he couldn?t have won 7 Tour de France titles without doping ?	Armstrong stripped of Olympic medal 
2.6 	 Apple makes a $13.1 billion profit, sells 28% more iPhones and 48% more iPads. Stock dips 11%	Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops 
4.6 	 When does life begin? Catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person.	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person 
3.8 	 Two years after the Egyptian Revolution... U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again 
4.6 	 After Armstrong Admits Doping 2 Oprah years 2 late, he now says He Will Testify Against alleged Doping Officials	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
1.8 	 Wait, bribing kids is bad? #notmomoftheyearafterall	This Life: Modifying a Child?s Behavior Without Resorting to Bribes ? This Life 
2.6 	 #Disney 's new #videogame , via NYTimes: Video Game Combines the Worlds of Disney	Media Decoder Blog: New Video Game Features Disney and Pixar Mash-Ups 
4.4 	 In the Gowanus Canal, a dolphin	Dolphin Swimming in Gowanus Canal 
4 	 Senator Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Chuck Hagel on the Mideast. His endorsement should settle that issue.	Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast 
4.2 	 Producer of popular gun-related videos shot. Every gun death is a tragedy.	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 
0 	 interesting and sensible	Opinionator: Back When I Was Packing 
3.4 	 Sign of inaccessible, culturally incompetent mainstream care? As ?Bodega Clinicas? Fill Void, Health Officials Are Torn	?Bodega Clinicas? Draw Interest of Health Officials 
2.4 	 Rome's colorful Colosseum	Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets 
4.8 	 ": Samsung profit at record $6.6 billion "	Samsung profit soars to $6.6B record 
3.2 	 Spanish police seize items intended for Iran. Qu? mal rollo...	Spanish police say seized items intended for Iran nuclear program 
0.8 	 This is a pretty amazing read. #howstuffworks NYTimes: Coins, Bills and the National Debt	Economix Blog: Bruce Bartlett: Accounting for a $1 Trillion Platinum Coin 
1.6 	 Fitness Center in a #Hotel Room	Urban Athlete: A Hotel Room Workout From Nicole Glor 
1.4 	 I'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the N Ireland riots.	Police deploy water cannon at Northern Ireland riot 
4 	 Saudis defend #SriLankan maid's #execution	Saudis defend maid's beheading 
3.6 	 The worst kind of poor flying judgement. Stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe.	Video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe 
2.2 	 on Hillary Clinton's FP approach	IHT Rendezvous: The Clinton Doctrine of American Foreign Policy 
2.6 	 An Insider Returns to Politics in Italy #memofromrome #politics	Berlusconi Stirs Up Elections in Italy 
3.6 	 Sign of the #apocalypse: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
3.8 	 A really nicely written story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul 
4.2 	 CES keynote: Young people today are 'born #mobile'  #hitech	CES: Young people are 'born mobile' 
2.6 	 What prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs, but the needs of their #caregiver #hpm	The New Old Age Blog: What You Need to Bring Your Loved One Home to Die 
3 	 U.S. Warplanes Enter Somalia Airspace MR. POTUS; WRITE ANOTHER LETTER&TELL FRENCH WE'RE NOT IN THE MOOD FOR THEIR MESS.	U.S. Warplanes Enter Somali Airspace 
2.8 	 Climate Change at CNN: Next step: Obama's State of the Union speech on February 12....	Climate change activists to Obama: Steer clear of Congress 
3.4 	 RSS and Reddit co-developper Aaron Swartz commits suicide	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide 
4.6 	 Charlie Brown voice actor charged	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
0 	 NJFF is showing this film on Jan 26 at Rutgers University:	Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers 
2.5 	 Dreamliner having fitful rollout. How tough is this for Boeing?	Deepening Crisis for the Dreamliner 
2.8 	 What We Dont Know Is Killing Us  The gun industry can't handle the truth.	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 
3.8 	 India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, Police Say: Police said Sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ...	India Ink: Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab, India, Police Say 
5 	 #Photos: #KimJongUn and his army forces	Photos: Kim Jong Un and his military 
3.4 	 Indonesian official: Rape victims enjoy it Oh hell no they don't	Would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape 
2 	 So wait, you think I want to search #Facebook, and use Bing as the back up?  ha.	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 
3 	 ICYMI, Facebook unveiled a new search tool today: "Graph Searchl"	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 
4.4 	 "humanitarian emergency."declared by Aid groups in Syria "	'Humanitarian emergency' in Syria 
3.4 	 President ? If she wants it	President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it 
0 	 They deserve such unkind words.	Kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory 
0 	 A great piece in the NYT mag on story, lit, and media.	Riff: Once Upon a Time, There Was a Person Who Said, ?Once Upon a Time? 
3.8 	 Review: Facebook's Graph Search not v. useful - CNN  "only two of my 526 friends like cats"...say no more	Review: Facebook's Graph Search is not very useful 
4.4 	 Ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with #Shell at #Davos #energy #marketentry	Ukraine Signs Drilling Deal With Shell for Shale Gas 
3.6 	 By the numbers: Women in the U.S. military nah not good idea	By numbers: Women in U.S. military 
1.2 	 Try something new on your next vacation.	Exotic culinary tours around the world 
4.25 	 ": Britney Spears calls off engagement " loool CNN reports this? Where is this world going?	Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement 
2.2 	 Pooping Man Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars	Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station 
4 	 Thank goodness. ?: Man charged with murder in Philadelphia doctor's death. ?	Man charged with murder in doctor's death, source says 
4.2 	 Teen murdered in West Bank by Israeli military occupation force , activists say -	Teen shot in West Bank by Israeli military, activists say 
1.4 	 live to eat or eat to live? I take the former.	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 
4.6 	 Boosting Your #Flu Shot Response With #Exercise	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency 
2.4 	 Smartphones are lifes remote control -	Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives 
3.4 	 Er diab... ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3 	 2013 Oscar nominations: Who got	2013 Oscar nods: Who got snubbed? 
0.8 	 NYT reports on my intvu with Ehud Barak, links to Daily Beast  #wef #israel #iran #nukes #war	Defense Official Hints That Israel Is Stepping Back From Plans to Unilaterally Attack Iran 
2.5 	 Convicted in Thailand of *implying* an insult to the king. ?There was no mention of the king?s name in the speech.?	In Thailand, a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty 
1.8 	 "Escape from La Crosse" The Preppers Next Door	The Doomsday Preppers of New York 
3.8 	 Can Oprah save Lance Armstrong?  She's not convinced  #Doprah	Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong? 
4 	 Notre Dame linebacker victim of a Catfish type hoax?	Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax 
2.2 	 Morning athletic inspiration (let everyone compete!): Forging Path to Starting Line for Younger Disabled Athletes  #NYT	Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness 
1.2 	 Michael R. Bloomberg credits #JohnsHopkinsUniversity for turning him into a leader	At $1.1 Billion, Bloomberg Is Top University Donor in U.S. 
3.4 	 This is ludicrous. Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Really?	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws 
4 	 Man outsources own job to China	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos 
3.6 	 Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews in 2010 Uncovered	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern 
0 	 thins just don't add up just when North Korea successfully lunched a rocket now America allows this. Or am I...	How America's top general came to endorse women in combat 
0.4 	 you are an #inspiration!  #Keepfighting	The front lines in fight for women 
2.8 	 Study: College-educated weathered downturn best:	Study Shows College Degree?s Value During Economic Downturn 
4 	 sadness.": Dolphin stuck in polluted NYC canal dies. 	Dolphin stuck in New York canal dies 
3.4 	 "Errors may have exposed veterans to viruses" Uh oh...	Insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses 
0.6 	 Today I learned "Currently, there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime." I am at a loss for words.	Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms 
2.4 	 President Obama turning to Ex-Prosecutor Mary Jo White to Be Securities and Exchange Commission (S.E.C.) Boss	Mary Jo White to Be Named New S.E.C. Boss 
3.4 	 Wow. A brief but eye-opening piece in the : A Pedophile in Plain Sight	Opinion: At Poly Prep, a Pedophile in Plain Sight 
4 	 Good read...Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz -	Why world grieves Aaron Swartz 
4.2 	 Finally Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
0.6 	 Great informative article that shows PepsiCo's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula 
3.8 	 How the US has changed in my lifetime:	From Reagan to Obama, how we have changed as a nation 
4.8 	 The New York Times: Chinese Firm Buys U.S. Solar Start-Up	Chinese Firm Buys an American Solar Technology Start-Up 
4.4 	 In France, Protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage	French rally: No to same-sex marriage 
4.4 	 FOLLOW THE DINERO: Cuomo Raises $22.5 Million for Re-election Bid	Cuomo Raises Nearly $22.5 Million for Re-election Campaign 
2.2 	 China is investing in #education -  #highered #edpolicy	Next Made-in-China Boom: College Graduates 
3.2 	 Can Livestrong survive Lance Armstrong doping admission ?	Livestrong has life after Lance 
3.6 	 Build a fence around your good health! Your top flu questions answered.	Your top 10 flu questions answered 
3.2 	 Johnson & Johnson Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant  #hipimplant	Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant 
4.2 	 'Is there a worse way to live?'  (cc: ) #JIDF	'Is there a worse way to live than this?' 
2.2 	 Gun violence is absolute a #publichealth issue. Good work,  on your gun reform for a generation  #itsastart	Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform 
3.6 	 AZ Gov Jan Brewer changes her mind and will expand Medicaid:  #Medicaid	National Briefing | Southwest: Arizona: Governor Relents on Medicaid 
4.6 	 Worth reading for the column excerpts: Pauline Phillips, Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
3 	 #Myanmar s Fight With Armed #Rebels Edges Toward China  #burma #kachin	Myanmar Fighting Edges Toward China 
3.4 	 Truly a sad day. At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
2.2 	 US inadvertently trained rebels: French Strikes in Mali Supplant Caution of U.S.	French Jets Strike Deep Inside Islamist-Held Mali 
3.4 	 Calorie bomb on the menu  will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 
3.6 	 Facebook was the most popular mobile app in the United States in 2012	Facebook's mobile app takes top spot 
4.6 	 An Alarm in the Offing on #ClimateChange      #ExtremeWeather #globalwarming #eco	An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change 
4 	 Syria: Deadly airstrikes in Damascus	Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs 
1.8 	 Two of our favorite partners,  and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute.	Ford Announces In-Car Voice Commands for Amazon's Cloud Music 
3.6 	 Amazing, you can play violent shooting games &nobody says anything but the NRA draws heat over new target-shooting game	NRA draws heat for shooting game 
4 	 Worth Watching. "Set for Life" Documenting a Generation?s Fall.   #work #unemployment #babyboomer	Our Generation: ?Set for Life? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers 
4 	 Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy' -  this a big mess that is not easy.	787 Dreamliner fix: 'It's not easy' 
4 	 NYT Editorial: What We Dont Know Is Killing Us  #research #guns #violence	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 
0 	 Think so? They don't think so!	President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it 
0.4 	 Pulitzer-winning poet Tracy K. Smith's Sunday routine:	Poetry, Puppets and Playgrounds 
2.8 	 Position "eliminated". Hmm. I read "exterminated". Times Executive Is Leaving	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving 
4.2 	 Mr. Drummond, yep...showing my age: Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89 
3.8 	 Saudi Arabia defends maid's execution	Saudis defend maid's beheading 
0.8 	 "Facebook has a lot of data, but it?s very noisy data."	Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches 
2 	 CNN Recent nightclub tragedies: On Saturday, a massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed at l...	Deadly blazes: Nightclub tragedies in recent history 
3.8 	 North Korea sendin them threats again	North Korea Issues Blunt New Threat to United States 
4.2 	 We're all human, No MORE DEATH Please! Another Tibetan sets himself on fire, dies to protest Chinese rule	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule 
3.6 	 Coca-Cola joining the fight on obesity	Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight 
2 	 Prayers for Burt Reynolds	Burt Reynolds 'feeling better' but still in ICU, rep says 
1.2 	 'Taliban' is plural, but that is apparently too esoteric for CNN or any other journalists: .	'American Taliban' wins right to group prayer 
2.4 	 Saudi activists say they won't be silenced~~I hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully!	Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them 
4.6 	 When doctors don't listen what can you do?	What to do when doctors don't listen 
2.2 	 Jodie Foster would care more about Syria Launching Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs	Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs 
0.8 	 Bending the Steakhouse Rules #food #eatingout	Restaurant Review: Arlington Club on the Upper East Side 
3 	 Excellent step with tricky legal issues.New York Lawmakers Reach Deal on New Gun Curbs  #law #cdnpoli	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws 
3.6 	 'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept. 'Anonymous' threatens Justice Dept	Hacktivist group threatens Justice Department 
3.8 	 At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire, such a shame	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.4 	 Internet addiction of the day: 'What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie'	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie 
1 	 Great piece by  in NYT showing China too has what McKinsey sees as a global education-to-work problem:	Chinese Graduates Say No Thanks to Factory Jobs 
2.2 	 On the virtues of procrastination: This Was Supposed to Be My Column for New Year?s Day	Findings: Positive Procrastination, Not an Oxymoron 
4 	 France: We're not the pacifists you think we are -  Mali	Why France is not pacifist nation 
3.8 	 The Bizarre World of Online Relationships: Image of Manti Te'o Becomes a Puzzle as Theories Swirl	Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl 
3.8 	 Washington's Economic Boom, Financed by You  Real life "Hunger Games"	Washington?s Economic Boom, Financed by You 
0.4 	 Finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you?ve got Mad Cow disease.	Opinion: Hypochondria: An Inside Look 
2.8 	 Swatch plays a big hand on $1B Harry Winston acqusition  get it, big hand... #iexplainmyjokes	Swatch to Buy Watch and Jewelry Business of Harry Winston for $750 Million 
4.6 	 States get extension on #healthexchange timetable: : States Get Extra Time to Set Up Exchanges  #ACA #HCR	States Will Be Given Extra Time to Set Up Health Insurance Exchanges 
2.4 	 "Live by the sword ... " Sad and ironic. Producer of popular gun-related videos shot	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 
4.6 	 Kobe Bryant, wife to call off divorce  yaayy! lol.	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 
2.6 	 Excellent!?: #Obama accelerating troops withdrawal from #Afghanistan, several months ahead of schedule: ?	Obama, Karzai to speed military transition 
3.4 	 obit: Vincent Sombrotto, leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country 'til Nixon sent the National Guard	Vincent Sombrotto, Who Led Postal Strike, Dies at 89 
3 	 So heartbreaking : At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.6 	 More reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure "America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate"	News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate 
3.6 	 This is interesting: "What We Dont Know Is Killing Us"  .	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 
2.6 	 When i first saw this sing guy on the subway, i thought he needed an article. And NYT has delivered!	In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul 
3.4 	 Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold from Downtown Manhattan to Frankfurt..	Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves 
1.2 	 This just warmed my heart: Ada Bryant and Robert Haire	Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings 
3.8 	 #New York City Ties #Doctors? #Income to #Quality of #Care	New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures 
4.6 	 NY Times: Dot Earth Blog: Is 'Wild West' Era for Fracking Coming to an End?	Is 'Wild West' Era for Gas Drilling Coming to an End? 
2.6 	 Children handcuffed 4 violating dress code! #MS fills #school2prison pipeline reports  grantee .	Report Criticizes School Discipline Measures Used in Mississippi 
1.6 	 Congratulations to #Fruitvale and #BloodBrother! Sounds like #Sundance had some powerful films this year.	The Carpetbagger: 'Fruitvale,' Drama With Little Advance Buzz, Wins at Sundance 
3.8 	 Sleep, perchance to dream And our memories not unseem MT : Brain ageing & Sleep-Related Memory Decline 	Brain Aging Linked to Sleep-Related Memory Decline 
2.8 	 My PBK membership, finally explained. Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades:	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 
4.2 	 Tennis: Sharapova takes on boys	Sharapova takes on Australian boys 
1.6 	 FDA may find that poop is a drug. NYTimes: When Pills Fail, This, er, Option Provides a Cure	Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds 
2.2 	 Only great things can happen at the cheese monger : In the Dairy Case, Ripe Prose	Creative Cheesemongers Pen Clever Descriptions 
2.8 	 Peter Likes: DealBook: Dell Shares Rise on News Company May Go Private	DealBook: Dell Shares Surge After Report of Possible Buyout 
4 	 Kaepernick Backs Harbaugh's Gamble With Playoff Win	Kaepernick Responds to Harbaugh?s Gamble With Resounding Performance 
3.8 	 Republican Governors Open New Front in #Tax Debate Offering Bold #Solutions!	The Caucus: Republican Governors Open New Front in Tax Debate 
1.4 	 For the record, I chopped my hair into "The Karlie" before Karlie ; )	The ?Karlie? Is Turning Heads 
1.2 	 Familiarize yourselves:  #NorthKorea	For the U.N. and North Korea: Game On 
3.6 	 New mutations discovered in #melanoma  Useful in decoding how it develops.   #cancer	New Mutations Discovered in Melanomas 
4.4 	 Not so good news.... NYTimes: German Economy Shrank in Fourth Quarter	German Economy Probably Shrank in Fourth Quarter 
4.4 	 U.N. agencies: Stop the suffering in Syria  Again. Powerless.	U.N.: Stop the suffering in Syria 
1.8 	 Conservative writer Nicholas Kristof: Guns are "an instrument not of protection but of escalation."	Op-Ed Columnist: Lessons From Guns and a Goose 
2.6 	 NYTimes: Robot Makers Say Automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs	Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation 
4 	 New low for water levels in the Great Lakes #Drought	Water brings new lows on Great Lakes 
3 	 Britain to Auction 250 MHz for High Speed Mobile -	Britain Set to Join High-Speed Mobile Party 
3.4 	 NYTimes: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand...	Tool Kit: Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand to New Mothers 
2.2 	 Compared DNA from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from India & Brazil shows similar variations.	Global Update: A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis 
4 	 So, can we just pass the ERA now? Pentagon Is Set to Lift Combat Ban for Women	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 
3.2 	 Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold  #germany #europe #USA	Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves 
4.2 	 : Secret Service Dog falls to its Death 	Secret Service dog falls to its death while on VP detail 
4.4 	 *****NYTimes: Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign*****	Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign 
1.8 	 #Obama plan: Tougher checks, no assault weapons -  - from  #guncontrol	GOP balks at gun control proposals 
3.4 	 Ken Salazar leaving  to spend more time with his bolo ties.	Interior's Ken Salazar stepping down 
3.2 	 Nike unveils Rory McIlroy as Tiger's heir apparent. $200 mil deal?!? Makes no business sense to me.	Nike unveils Rory: Tiger's heir apparent 
3.6 	 Should babies be allowed to 'cry it out'? #attachment #parenting	Should babies just 'cry it out'? 
4.4 	 Look of The Moment: #TaylorSwift	T Magazine: Look of The Moment | Taylor Swift 
3 	 The plight of the Atlanta Falcons	NFL: Can Falcons turn it around? 
2 	 New York State Has Gun Control Deal, With Focus on Mental Ills	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws 
2.8 	 Tribal Lessons -'The World Until Yesterday'	?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond 
3.8 	 So. Odd. ?: In his own words: Manti Te'o on his girlfriend, and her death - now revealed to be a hoax: ?	In his own words: Manti Te'o on girlfriend's death 
3.4 	 J&J was aware of 40% failure rate in DePuy Hip Implants.	Maker Aware of 40% Failure in Hip Implant 
2 	 Following #Colorado #marijuana legal decisions closely. Maybe some lessons for CA dispensaries mess	Op-Ed Columnist: Colorado?s Marijuana Muddle 
4.2 	 NY Times - A Sprint That Is Littered With Pitfalls	Slap Shot: N.H.L.?s Sprint of a Season Includes Pitfalls 
4.2 	 Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking  ?Let?s go Dutch?? #Gartine	Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking 
4 	 Obama must prove himself on Palestine: NYTimes: Netanyahu Issues Veiled Barb in Response to Criticism From Obama	Netanyahu Issues Veiled Response to Criticism From Obama 
4.2 	 America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good or Bad?	America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow 
0 	 It hurts my stomach.	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 
2.6 	 Do you need a "Stop Day"	The importance of a 'stop day' 
4 	 What happened in Australia ... I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too. 
2.4 	 Will President Obama's gun proposals work?  Recalling Pain, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage	Recalling Pain of Guns? Toll, Mayors Urge Bills? Passage 
4.6 	 NYT Books - Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? a pair of Novellas by Jim Harrison: ?The River Swimmer,? Ji...	Books of The Times: ?The River Swimmer,? Two Novellas by Jim Harrison 
3.8 	 Baby boomers getting tech savvy:	Grandparents: the new techies? 
0.6 	 v  Kerry says #Iran must come clean on #nuclear program	Kerry confirmation hearing 
4.2 	 Woah. Fox News did not renew Sarah Palin's contract, which just expired.	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways 
4.2 	 Awe - one of the original "bloggers" passes away. Pauline Phillips, Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
4.6 	 Don't get any ideas, . U.S. programmer outsources own job to China, surfs cat videos -	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos 
2 	 Filmmaker Jason da Silva on the challenges of navigating NY with #MS: The Long Wait?  #sundance	Op-Docs: ?The Long Wait? 
0 	 This thing reads like one of those pre-written 'death' articles. Creepy.	Burt Reynolds in intensive care in Florida hospital after flu, rep says 
4 	 UnfairRT : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission:  What do you think?	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund 
2.8 	 200 dead in night club fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.6 	 NYT- Pentagon Lifts Ban on Women Serving in Combat Roles	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 
1.2 	 "An earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when Picnic opened on Broadway..."	Theater Review: ?Picnic? at American Airlines Theater 
0.25 	 Here's to two more years of Reince Penis jokes.	Priebus Re-elected to Lead Republican National Committee 
3 	 New York passes gun control bill Interesting, I like that they actually focused on mental health.	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting 
5 	 Miss Montana has a great story to tell.  #autism	Miss Montana on her autism 
5 	 CGG - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in Nepal -	30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in Nepal 
2.4 	 A surprisingly refreshing view from old Johnny Howard. I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too. 
3.2 	 ": In today?s Gun Challenge editorial, Obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform. "	Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform 
3.6 	 In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  I'm not one of them!	In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban 
4.4 	 And they never wondr WHY!! U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again -	Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again 
4.4 	 Hurricane-flooded cars ruined by Sandy lure unwitting buyers	Hurricane-Flooded Cars Lure Unwitting Buyers 
0 	 In Oz we love to scoff at US politics, gun laws etc.  Worth remembering US population debate years ahead of ours.	Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push 
3.8 	 Paging Orval Faubus: "Oregon sheriff: 'Unconstitutional' gun control laws won't be enforced"  #guncontrol #newtown	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws 
2 	 Golden Globes: How did Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do as hosts?	Golden Globes kick off Hollywood award season 
4.4 	 In #Turkey, mourners protest killings of #Kurds	Mourners in Turkey protest killings of Kurdish activists 
3.6 	 Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Post War Europe  #photography	Chim: A Vivid Retrospective of Europe 
0 	 isn?t it sad, that events like the massacre in Conneticut have to happen for us to notice it #challenges	An Added Mission for Arizona Sheriff?s Immigration Posse: School Patrols 
2.8 	 Video: Rome's colorful Collosseum:	Rome's Colosseum gives up secrets 
4.6 	 What the what?! ?: Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. ?	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
3.4 	 Here we go again.. A man says he's 'certain' he knows where Hoffa is buried.	Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried 
3.6 	 Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia	Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia 
1.4 	 Even thought I've downloaded #Google maps for #iPhone, I'm still using #Apple's built in maps. They're easier to use.	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition 
2.4 	 Buried Memories talks on   a never before told true story of survival, memory and recovery.	"Buried Memories" of Katie Beers 
4 	 The Gulf's 'green' buildings  #Amman #CNN	Coolest green buildings in the Gulf 
4 	 NYTimes: N.R.A. Attacks Obama & Daughters in Video \ repugnant.	N.R.A. Attacks Obama in Video 
4.4 	 Awful. ": More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes "	More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes 
1 	 Here is my question, is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better?	Public lashes out at Armstrong 
2.8 	 The reason Kindles exist: The Onion's tossing out an e-book biography of Biden	ArtsBeat: Biden Getting an Autobiography From The Onion (Whether He Wants It or Not) 
3.4 	 Info Miamis Design District Looks for an Upgrade: A proposed $312 million renovation is expected to transform t...	Miami?s Design District Looks for an Upgrade 
4 	 Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali - #Islamism #Sharia	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali 
4.4 	 Journalists, take a hint from Andrew Sullivan -	Journalists, learn from blogger Sullivan 
0 	 This sweet love story made me weepy. No, really:	The Race Grows Sweeter Near Its Final Lap 
3 	 North Korea beats war drums...	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S. 
4.2 	 Russian influence on rise in #Israel	Rise of Russians in Israel 
4 	 Life under Islamist Militants - Broken limbs, torn lives in northern Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali 
4.4 	 Good Grief indeed, Charlie Brown gets arrested	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
3.8 	 : : Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says.  incredibly sad horrifying	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.2 	 Sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column. What a life. NYTimes: Dear Abby Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
3 	 In Desert Outposts, Border Agents Keep Watch  #elpaso #elchuco #lafrontera #mexico	At Remote Outposts, Border Agents Sift for Clues 
2 	 The closest I'll every get to Hollywood: #GreenFashion on the Red Carpet	IHT Rendezvous: Green Fashion on the Red Carpet 
4 	 Again: NYTimes: 787 Jet Leaks Fuel During Safety Test	Japan Airlines Says 787 Jet Leaked Fuel During Safety Test 
0.6 	 Some Daily on Daily crime right here. MT :  on filib. reform?unintelligible:	Bipartisan Filibuster Deal Is Taking Shape in Senate 
3.8 	 North Korea?s Missile Movements Worry U.S.   THOM SHANKER and DAVID E. SANGER	Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S. 
3.8 	 We are excited to see what happens!! ?South Park? Creators Start "Important Studios"  #southpark	?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios 
3.6 	 CNN: Helicopter crash rains debris on London street	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour 
4.2 	 Online prodigy Aaron Swartz commits suicide God why ?	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide 
2.6 	 Is Studio 54 like the '60s- if u can remember it, u weren't really there? Selling Some Old Sparkle Fr Studio 54:	Studio 54 Memorabilia to be Sold at Auction 
2 	 The climate is changing, not in the distant future, but now:	An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change 
2.6 	 Extreme weather: expect the unexpected	Extreme Weather Grows in Frequency and Intensity Around World 
2.4 	 Ada Bryant and Robert Haire  You go girl!!	Ada Bryant, Robert Haire ? Weddings 
4.2 	 NYT on Aaron Swartz: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause 
0.8 	 Ignore the headline: more than 220...click on the link for updated via CNN. We're seeing the numbers climb higher...	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
0 	 I'm regretful that it has to come to this for some.	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule 
3.8 	 scaryyyyy...Questioning Greek Growth	WORLD: Green Questions About Greek Growth 
3.6 	 Tragic news: A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause 
4.2 	 You better believe in climate change, it's real! @ Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming	Dot Earth Blog: Draft Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming 
2.8 	 : Popular gun nut* shot dead in own home, NRA thinks he needed more guns	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 
3.6 	 This is so sad : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.4 	 Former Australian PM says "I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too."	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too. 
4.25 	 NYTimes: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien Sr! A free thinker	Op-Ed Contributor: Diderot, an American Exemplar? Bien S?r 
4.6 	 Good grief! Charlie Brown voice actor charged -  #law #legal	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
3.4 	 SL Putting a Number on Smoking's Toll	Well: Long Term Effects on Life Expectancy From Smoking 
2.6 	 Is it a coincidence the most Miss America's come from the South?	Op-Ed Contributor: Racial Politics and Miss America 
3.4 	 Britain teeters toward triple-dip recession  CNNMoney	Britain risks new recession 
1.8 	 Million Man March; promises to bring change in bleeding Pakistan-   #TahirulQadri #14Jan	'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital 
4.4 	 America, the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow -  Good Luck Saudi :)	America, Saudi Arabia of tomorrow 
3 	 French Twitter case involving the identities behind racist comments is only latest skirmish over Internet speech	Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts 
0.6 	 "Not all smoothies are created equal!"	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 
3.2 	 US Hospitals Turn Away Visitors With Flu Symptoms - NYT	Hospitals Place Restrictions on Visitors of Flu Patients 
3.6 	 NYTimes: 232 Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil (locked security doors and band pyrotechnics)	Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil 
3.8 	 v?a  Supreme Court Hears Argument on the F.C.C.?s Authority to Rule on Cellphone Towers	Supreme Court Hears Argument on Cellphone Towers 
1.4 	 IHT: Xiao Shu, former journalist at Southern Weekend, gives insider take on iron grip of censorship.	Op-Ed Contributor: Dim Hopes for a Free Press in China 
2.6 	 #Wtf it happened again. Police: 7 men gang rape bus passenger in #India -	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 
3.8 	 #Youth: The  wants to know: "Does #Facebook Ever Make You Feel L-O-U-S-Y?" Share HERE	The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Does Facebook Ever Make You Feel Bad? 
3 	 Da CNN: ' At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update'	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.8 	 Horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in UK and Ireland	Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland 
2.8 	 Dear Abby, Dies at 94 . Dear Abby: Are birth control pills deductible? Bertie Dear Bertie: Only if they don?t work.	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
3.8 	 Jared Diamond book worth reading? "The World Until Yesterday"	?The World Until Yesterday,? by Jared Diamond 
4.4 	 #Socialmedia makes folks more honest, says #Cornell prof #Facebook #LinkedIn	Social media make us more honest 
3.2 	 World's best white-water rafting?  geekkenya	World's best place for water rafting? 
3.4 	 Casey Anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out.	Casey Anthony convictions thrown out 
0.75 	 Workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for	Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy 
3.8 	 on the need for humanity in online learning.	Online courses need human element to educate 
4 	 Weird, just the voice? ": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. "	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
2.6 	 Opinionator: Misconceptions(Linda Greenhouse)	Opinionator: Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade 
4.4 	 Frum: U.S. gun problem is not a race problem (must read)	America's gun problem is not a race problem 
0.2 	 Free speech is a basic democratic right except in France #Twitter	Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts 
2.8 	 Goed initiatief, inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen#New York City Ties Doctors? Income to Quality of Care	New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors? Performance Pay to Quality Measures 
3 	 Art meets technology before tragedy: photog Taryn Simon & computer genius Aaron Swartz create a project , via NY Times	The 6th Floor Blog: Taryn Simon and Aaron Swartz's Experiment with Images 
4 	 Wow, what a story: In the Subways, a Voice to Stir the Soul	In the Subways, Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul 
3.4 	 Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are OK, not great	Microsoft's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough 
0.2 	 Death is bad enough:	Your Money: A Shocking Death, a Financial Lesson and Help for Others 
3.8 	 "Husbands of Hollywood"??gender-flipped satire of reality TV...& subtle commentary on limited options for black actors.	Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads 
1.8 	 President Hillary! There are few things I would like more!	President Hillary Clinton? If she wants it 
3.2 	 NYT, "Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls [Burrowing] Behavior [and Whether Escape Tunnels Are Made]"	Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls Behavior 
4.4 	 ": Social media making us more honest?  talks to  "	Social media make us more honest 
0 	 Thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse. Labels are powerful.	Opinionator | The Stone: What is a 'Hacktivist'? 
4 	 Public takes its shots at Armstrong--What do you guys think of Armstrong's doping?	Public lashes out at Armstrong 
4 	 After U.S. threat, North Korea turns ire on South  #military #SKorea #NKorea #US #politics	After threats against U.S., North Korea turns ire to South 
3.4 	 Sen. Feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons:	Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms 
4.8 	 NYTimes: Victory for Anthony and for Knicks	Win for Anthony and for Knicks 
0 	 The Mexican gun-tablet exchange...	Video shows fiery copter wreckage 
3.4 	 From : Cond? Nast Writer Deals Stir Dispute  #CondeNast	Cond? Nast Contracts Cut Author?s Share in Film Deals 
2.8 	 Fires threaten parts of Australia -	Photos: Fires across Australia 
3.8 	 Feel good morning read! :) Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us' 
4.8 	 Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot?s Potency  #flushot #exercise #health	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency 
3.6 	 The telecom industry just took away our rights. As of today, it's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier	Bits Blog: A Right to Unlock Cellphones Fades Away 
0.8 	 Awesome! #Republicans can't win on their ideas so they will change the rules!?	Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes 
3.2 	 77% of Americans use search to find diagnosis.  ?: Turning to the Web for a Medical Advice ?	Well: Turning to the Web for a Medical Diagnosis 
4.2 	 The tricks of moving from Wall Street to Tech #dealbook	DealBook: Moving From Wall Street to the Tech Sector Proves Tricky 
4.6 	 Should babies be left to "cry it out?"...	Should babies just 'cry it out'? 
2 	 Interesting perspective on #Broncos playcalling -	The Cautious Calls of John Fox 
3.6 	 Rivals watch as Shell's #Arctic drilling hopes hit snags.  $RDS.A #Alaska #KeystoneXL #oil #politics	Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling 
4 	 Russian Military Ordered to Switch to Socks  I learned something new today!!!	At War Blog: Russian Military Ordered to Switch Portyanki for Socks 
4.2 	 Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His Silence  nytimes or the onion article? can't tell	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court 
4 	 Interesting article. ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop's ASAP Rocky	ASAP Yams, Partner to Hip-Hop?s ASAP Rocky 
2.2 	 they were so young :( #SantaMaria #tragedyinthenightclub	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.8 	 An architect is building a mobius band house with a 3D printer. I knew those things would come in handy.	Architect to build home using 3-D printer 
3.8 	 TheWritingGenie Supernatural Tales: Manuel Gonzales Talks About 'The Miniature Wife': Mr. Gonzales's first colle...	ArtsBeat: Q. and A.: Manuel Gonzales on His Story Collection 'The Miniature Wife' 
3.8 	 Philly high schoolers, join the conversation. : Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards In Your School?	The Learning Network Blog: Student Opinion | Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards Patrolling Your School? 
4.8 	 some good news for a change More lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20%...	More lives being saved: Cancer death rates drop 20% 
0.4 	 Apparently a Suicide	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26 
3.4 	 This is an inspiring exhibition. The way to the future. ?Making Room? in the City	Weekend Miser: ?Making Room,? at Museum of the City of New York 
3.8 	 Jeanne Vertefeuille, who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy Aldrich Ames, died recently.	Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames 
5 	 Wait, what?! - 'Universal background checks' defined	'Universal background check': What does it mean? 
4.6 	 Our Economic Pickle: America's Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate	News Analysis: America?s Productivity Climbs, but Wages Stagnate 
2.8 	 Weak Protection Laws For Domestic Workers: Saudi execution: Brutal, inhuman and illegal? - CNN  #p2 #p21 #tcot #ccot	Beheading: Inhuman and illegal? 
2.4 	 Reading: How to Get America Online  via	Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans 
3.8 	 New York Times Top Public Relations Exec to Depart	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving 
3.8 	 What's so wrong with researching it? What We Dont Know Is Killing Us	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 
4.4 	 Benjamin Millepied to take over Paris Opera Ballet,  with all the details:	Benjamin Millepied to Be Paris Opera Ballet Director 
2.4 	 #Java compromised take necessary action	Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch 
2.2 	 #Morsi: "Nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them: for Zionists, for Jews"	Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context 
4 	 NYTimes:Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation-the most sophisticated, organized and professionalized? in history	For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation 
3.8 	 Lean in Sisters....NYTimes: Shes (Rarely) the Boss	Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss 
2.6 	 Pakistan bomb victims' families end protest	Pakistan bomb victims to be buried after protest ends 
0 	 This could play out very interesting....	Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes 
2 	 Senator Schumer Says He Will Vote For Chuck Hagel for Secretary of Defense  Good news!	Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast 
2.4 	 This man can sing better than some big names who will be at the Grammy Awards Geechee Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway	N.Y./Region: Geechie Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway 
3.8 	 Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign  #itsecurity #cyberspy	Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign 
4.4 	 Great NY Times article: : : A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in #NewOrleans	A Saint in His City: Archie Manning in New Orleans 
1.8 	 Great article &comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank.	Staying Alive: Why I'm Looking for a New Bank 
2 	 PUT UP YOUR NUKES [dukes]! "North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S."   jacques	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S. 
3 	 Calorie bomb disasters on the menu	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 
3.75 	 ICYMI:"As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics"	Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness 
4.4 	 If uv not seen #Crazy #Love, u should. NYTimes: Linda Riss #Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75	Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75 
0.6 	 Question is: Does this mean Civil War? Probably not. But still not a good situation #Iraq	Sunni sheikh to al-Maliki: Hand over soldiers behind shootings or 'face losses' 
0 	 Couldn't agree more with the facts here:	Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race 
3.2 	 Interesting article for parents who support their college kids: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 
3.4 	 New York's Cuomo signs gun control bill. 1 down 49 to go!	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting 
4.2 	 SYNTHAX_tERROR 2: : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes	More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes 
0.8 	 WTF India?!!  This has got to stop.	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 
3.6 	 CNN Soccer's 'bounty hunter' takes on FIFA: A leading football agent fined by FIFA for using social media has ta...	'Bounty hunter' battles FIFA on Facebook 
2 	 Dey stay preppin'... The Preppers Next Door	The Doomsday Preppers of New York 
5 	 Family uses pot to manage son's autism... Wow	Boy given pot to manage his autism 
4.2 	 Long Island: Attack of the Bloodsuckers! at the Long Island Childrens Museum   if you want to scare leo	Arts | Long Island: ?Attack of the Bloodsuckers!? at the Long Island Children?s Museum 
0 	 a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again, bravo	Opinion: U.S gets it wrong on Egypt, again 
3.2 	 Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz - the innovator who embodied what's best about the Net.	Why world grieves Aaron Swartz 
3.8 	 Female Directors Gain Ground, Slowly  The storyteller?s gender matters.	Female Film Directors Slowly Gain Ground 
3.2 	 wtf??  ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.4 	 #Cosmos Unveil Plan for #Soccer Stadium Near #BelmontPark  #NYS #NY #LongIsland #EconDev	Cosmos Unveil Plan for Soccer Stadium Near Belmont Park 
0.2 	 Theme? Ppl trying to sell stuff that's not theirs...  cc:  #JoyDivision #music	Lives: We Were Joy Division 
3.6 	 NYTimes: Smartphones Become Life?s Remote Control --- amazing	Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers? Lives 
3.2 	 Breaks my heart ": 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire, police tell state news agency. "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.8 	 op-ed - Why We Must Help Save #Mali  #Africa #HelpMali	Op-Ed Contributor: Why We Must Help Save Mali 
3.4 	 Omg. At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.2 	 Another GangRape in India! WTF! :( 7 men gang rape bus passenger in India -	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 
3.4 	 Social media can be a friend or foe but it doesn't raise your IQ -  - Police: YouTube videos lead to pot bust	Police: YouTube leads to pot bust 
3.8 	 He's dead! ?: Venezuela says Hugo Chavez's condition is improving ?	Venezuela: Chavez is improving 
4.4 	 NYTimes: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata	Recipes for Health: Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata ? Recipes for Health 
4.4 	 Salivating! ?: Exotic culinary tours from around world ?	Exotic culinary tours around the world 
1.2 	 "Still own a Livestrong bracelet? Tell us about it." (CNN)	Cycling: Armstrong apologizes to staff 
3 	 Leave it to a lawyer from #Lakechuck to get Justice Thomas to break his silence.	Clarence Thomas breaks silence on bench 
2.2 	 #coder #outsources own job to #china for a #profit, gets fired.	U.S. man outsources job to China, surfs cat videos 
5 	 Africa: The Top 5 stories of the week are ... -	Africa's top 5 stories this week 
4.8 	 Awkward! Notre Dame linebacker says he is hoax victim	Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax 
1.8 	 When Pills Fail, This Option Provides a Cure For C-Diff	Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds 
3.8 	 Dear Abby, we miss you already. How fortunate you are to have Margalit Fox write your obit! "Dear Abby, Dies at 94"	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
4.6 	 A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause  #AaronSwartz #MITfail #badbranding	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause 
4.2 	 How an all-American hero fell to earth - . (Where have all the REAL heroes gone?)	How all-American hero fell to earth 
3.2 	 Tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest. Again.	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule 
2.2 	 More accurate (albeit less catchy) title would be "India is 2nd place" not "losing", but still interesting:	Opinionator: India Is Losing the Race 
3.8 	 Awesome Jeanne Vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by C.I.A. She Helped Catch a Notorious Spy, Dies at 80	Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies, 80; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames 
3.6 	 In awe of the courageous Russian LGBT rights advocates NYTimes: Propaganda by Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest	?Propaganda? By Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest 
3 	 Families of #Newtown Victims Look for Answers on #Gun Violence  #NRA	Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence 
4 	 Really? Man says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried	Man convicted in mob crimes says he's 'certain' where Hoffa is buried 
1.4 	 NYTimes: How to Get America Online - excellent op-ed by  on regulating the big ISPs	Op-Ed Contributor: How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans 
1.2 	 Time to ban nighclubs.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3 	 'here is what happens when you cast lindsey #lohan in a movie' & get unlimited on-set access: superb journalism.	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie 
4.6 	 North Korea Turns Its Ire on the South  #North #South #Korea #UN #sanctions #war #R2PH	North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea 
4.2 	 In complete shock! Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person 
2.4 	 Armstrong's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true.	For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation 
1.2 	 This is what happened in Brazil if you don't know x	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.2 	 Although Truth is a the higher standard...: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund 
3.2 	 NYT story on Grounding of Boeing 787s	F.A.A. Orders Grounding of U.S.-Operated Boeing 787s 
4.4 	 Aww  ?: Britney Spears calls off engagement ?	Britney Spears, Jason Trawick call off engagement 
1.4 	 The top baby names of 2013 -   (gee, my name is not on there ;o))) )	Parenting.com's top baby names 
3.2 	 This shouldn't be the problem that it is. Ready-set-go. NYTimes: As Disabled Athletes Compete, Questions of Logistics	Disabled Athletes Suit Up, Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness 
3.2 	 Damn smh ": Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire, official says. "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4 	 Could it be good? Sounds intriguing... ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action TV series -	ABC to look at 'Star Wars' live-action series 
4.6 	 Online courses still need a human element...	Online courses need human element to educate 
1.8 	 Gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent? #pols1101	'Enough is enough,' Feinstein says in proposing new gun ban 
1 	 The history of temp agencies: Using the sexism of the '60s to expand "right under the noses of powerful labor unions."	Opinionator | The Great Divide: The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy 
3.2 	 great hire by Robert Wolf and his new firm Austan Goolsbee is a great guy	Robert Wolf Said to Hire Goolsbee as Adviser for His Firm 
4.2 	 Amen! ": Good news .... My shero Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'Good Morning America' "	Media Decoder Blog: Robin Roberts Plans February Return to 'GMA' 
5 	 Who stole precious relics from Mo. church?	Who stole precious relics from church in Missouri town? 
2.2 	 Firefly: 2015 is happening...... as a NASA mining vessel. #fireflyreturnskinda	'Fireflies' to scope out space rocks for mining 
1 	 Algerian field strike retaliation over Mali, reports say -	Briton killed in Algerian gas field attack 
3.6 	 I wish I could be this man #PaulTheroux My #Travel Wish List  via	Paul Theroux?s Travel Wish List 
4.2 	 40 Miles to Work, on a Bike:  -- Incredible!	Commuting 40 Miles to Work on a Bike, With Thermals and Fleece 
2.4 	 Oh so clever,  weighs in on #obesity fight	Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight 
0 	 The entrusted Muslim brotherhood	Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes 
2.8 	 I need a 'stop day' in my life.  #CNN	The importance of a 'stop day' 
3.4 	 Great piece by  "The gruesome toll of deadly #clusterbombs in Syria" -	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs 
3.4 	 Illuminating Jewish Life in a Muslim Empire  via Talmud Blog	Documents Illuminate Jewish Life in Ancient Muslim Empire 
4.6 	 Highlights From Katie Couric's Interview With Manti Te'o	The Lede Blog: Updates on the Katie Couric Interview With Manti Te'o 
2.8 	 Apps to help you ski:  via NY Times	App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart 
2.4 	 We mourned the loss of an Open Access advocate this past weekend ~ A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause 
2.8 	 nsfw ?: Best obit opening I've read in a long time. Dear Abby Dies at 94 ?	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
2.6 	 Taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far...The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 
4.4 	 I'd like to read this. MT : Interview with DL Weiss, Who Put Her Child on a Diet and Wrote About It.	Motherlode Blog: An Interview with Dara-Lynn Weiss, Who Put Her 7-Year-Old on a Diet, and Wrote a Book About It. 
0.6 	 NYT botches description of "crushed beer can" fiasco in mostly v. good piece on Shell's Arctic troubles	Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling 
1.8 	 The Preppers Next Door  Who wants to join MY group?	The Doomsday Preppers of New York 
3.4 	 Driven by a need to compete or remorse?  Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
3.8 	 Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws. Good for him.	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws 
4.8 	 Love this--Forms at the doctor's office just got fun -	Forms at the doctor's just got fun 
3 	 Dreamliner battery studied by NTSB  (via Instapaper)	Nothing ruled out as NTSB studies Dreamliner battery 
4 	 setting the bar, good move! "Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job"	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 
4.2 	 NYTimes: Apple May Be Big, but It Isnt a Bellwether (my column)	Strategies: Apple Stock Isn?t a Bellwether, Even if It?s Big 
2.8 	 Schrecklich!  : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4 	 Fortunes of Facebook may hinge on search - is this the Big Reveal?	Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches 
3.2 	 What is the price of insulting the #king in #Thailand? 10 years in #prison for #activist Somyot Pruksakasemsuk	Activist gets 10 years for king insult 
2.2 	 Sheriff: I won't enforce Obama's gun laws He's 1 black guy, they r US laws & calm the fuck down #overparanoia&racism	Sheriff won't enforce 'unconstitutional' gun laws 
2.2 	 Mining Electronic Records for Health Data May Greatly Benefit Medical Research, Not Necessarily Reduce Costs of Care	Mining Electronic Records for Revealing Health Data 
4.6 	 NYTimes: ?Mad Men? Set to Return on April 7. Excellent news.	ArtsBeat: 'Mad Men' Set to Return on April 7 
4.6 	 Greek FM: Small chance Greece leaves EU	Greek FM: Small chance of euro exit 
1.4 	 'Dad, it's only my books I am friends with.'   #Malala #womenonthefrontline	The front lines in fight for women 
3.8 	 lovely tribute, her responses to readers' qtns priceless. Read bacon frying and you could move. Dear Abby Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
4.6 	 Which country has most economic freedom?  #economy #economics	Country with freest economy is... 
3.6 	 '4-hour' work guru on China outsourcer: Bad karma - CNN International	'4-hour' work guru on outsourcer 
4.6 	 Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the #FAFSA #finaid #scchat	The Choice Blog: Part 4: Answers to Your Questions About the Fafsa 
1.75 	 Chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades.	Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines 
4 	 Finally a little RESPECT for Vets! Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 
3 	 ": Breaking: 250 killed, 200 more injured in Brazil nightclub inferno. " Crazy	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.2 	 "Pray for Me". Defense Secretary Panetta in Audience With Pope	Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Meets Pope 
4.4 	 John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline.  #music	Q. and A.: With John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline 
2.8 	 An rising star on London's thespian scene tells his story of - Being Bin Laden	Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty? 
2.6 	 Casting: Lindsay Lohan, careening debt and porn stars. What could go wrong? What Happens When You Hire LL.	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie 
4 	 Saudis Monsters try to defend Sri Lankan maid's execution  #p2 #tcot	Saudis defend maid's beheading 
3.8 	 HE nvr gives vision wo provision & he'll use whoevr2bring it?Winfrey's LowRated Cable Channel Is Poised 2 Break Through	Winfrey?s Low-Rated Cable Channel Is Poised to Break Through 
4.2 	 A MUST READ! by ! How #Turkey Can Make Peace With the #Kurds	Op-Ed Contributor: How Turkey Can Make Peace With the Kurds 
2.25 	 Lovely piece in the NYT on a 40-year marriage, and how their gay son?s struggle became a unifier	Making It Last: Conservative Meets Liberal, and 40-Year Marriage Begins 
1.6 	 What exactly is going on in Mali?  @	French Say Airstrikes in Mali ?Blocked? Rebel Advance 
3.4 	 Gabby and Mark: The new Bradys of gun control #TGDN LIBS PLAY DIRTY AS NORM	The new 'Bradys' of gun control? 
4.6 	 NRA's video game smacks of hypocrisy #NRA #guncontrol	NRA's video game hypocrisy 
4.6 	 Frum: #US. #gun problem is not a race problem	America's gun problem is not a race problem 
4.2 	 All from a kid starting an online petition. NYTimes: PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula 
3.6 	 Al Pacino to play Joe Paterno in Brian De Palma's tentatively entitled film "Happy Valley"  #sportsbiz	Pacino to Play Paterno in Film 
3.6 	 Source say at least 150 ": At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire, officials say. "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.8 	 NYTimes: Debunking Darwin. Was He Wrong About Dating? #sex #gender	Opinion: Darwin Was Wrong About Dating 
3.6 	 From the She Owns It business group... More Thoughts on Growing Your Business -- and Helping Employees	You're the Boss Blog: More Thoughts on Growing Your Business - and Helping Employees 
0 	 Well, at least we know the slides work now.	Boeing 787s Are Grounded by Japanese Airlines 
3.4 	 NYTimes: What We Dont Know Is Killing Us -Couldn't agree more! e.g., research on IPV homicides & guns is critical.	Editorial: What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 
2.6 	 BHO Gun Proposal 2 Look Beyond Mass Shootings in taking steps to completely disarm Americans so that only Elites prtctd	Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings 
3 	 The deadly toll of cluster bombs in #Syria	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs 
4.4 	 ! pay it forward - Note on a napkin, 'This meal is on us' -	Note on napkin: 'This meal is on us' 
1 	 Jacqui Weaver tells the NY Times: ?I do have friends in Australia who now refer to me as ?Hollywood Jack??	Jacki Weaver and the Lord of Greenwich Village 
1.8 	 Flowers in winter?  Camellias are some of my favorite prerennials.	In the Garden: Camellias Ready for a Cold Snap 
4.2 	 Go #Obama. Obama Calls for Broad Action on Guns	Obama to Ask Congress to Toughen Gun Laws 
4.2 	 Is #Pakistan becoming "#SouthAsia's #Dreamliner"? - Official refuses order to arrest Prime Minister Ashraf	Pakistani Official Refuses Order to Arrest Prime Minister 
4 	 Google Gains From Creating Apps for the #iPhone #HealthIT #hcsm	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition 
0 	 I was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest. #MisspentYouth	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 
1 	 A Generation Gap? Not on This Web Site (Harvard Business School)	A 20-Something?s Web Site for Women Over 40 
1.6 	 Eddie Huang in the NY Times. i vibe this dude so hard	Eddie Huang Defies Description 
3.8 	 Rangel: More equal military? Bring back draft #deployment #usaf #military	A more equal military? Bring back draft 
3.4 	 France confronts Mali jihadists	France vows to halt Mali jihadists 
3 	 The amount of organizations and clubs at #college is overwhelming! Choose carefully before dedicating your time:	The Choice Blog: Lessons From a College Student: Finding Your Fit on Campus 
3 	 Lol..errm.."test" on the U.S. of A.? #damn!: North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S.: ?	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S. 
3.6 	 #Morsi ?s Slurs Against #Jews Stir Concern  Does any one in #Obama 's administration know how to read #English?	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern 
4 	 "Vine is Twitter's attempt to be the Instagram of Video," Form a nerdier sentence. Don't try! Its Impossible!	Vine is Twitter's attempt to become the 'Instagram of video' 
4 	 Mark Sanford, the ex-Governor of South Carolina & "Hiking the Appalachian Trail", to Run for Congress	Sanford, Ex-Governor of South Carolina, to Run for Congress 
3.2 	 Where to Go in 2013 by !   offers insightful explorations to most of these!	The 46 Places to Go in 2013 
1.6 	 peter is not in the top ten but mo, bertie and gus are?: "The top baby names of 2013"	Parenting.com's top baby names 
4 	 NYTimes: #Queens #School Is Locked Down After #Gun Is Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack  is there no end?	Gun Found in 7-Year-Old?s Backpack at Queens School 
4.6 	 What choo talkin' bout Mr. D......RIP Conrad Bain, Father on ?Diff?rent Strokes?, Dies at 89	Conrad Bain, Actor on ?Diff?rent Strokes,? Dies at 89 
4.8 	 Facebook unveils new search tool:	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 
2.2 	 #GunReform for a Generation	Editorial: President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform 
3.8 	 Is it me, or is the main ingredient in Coke sugar? In Ads, Coke Confronts Soda?s Link to Obesity	Coke TV Ads Confront Obesity and Soda?s Role 
4.2 	 Excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - Housing Offers Hope of Strength in the Economy	High & Low Finance: Signs of a Housing Recovery Point to a Stronger Economy 
3.6 	 Williams Starts Fast, but Pace Suits Rockets	Williams Starts Strong, but Nets Don?t Follow in Loss to Rockets 
4.8 	 QUEBRA TUDO!!! J.J. Abrams to Direct Next Star Wars Movie	J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie 
2.8 	 WOW:  announcing plan to hire EVERY veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions. They anticipate 100k+ hires:	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 
3.6 	 In Britain, Basketball Can Be a Tough SellWHY WOULD BRITS GET EXCITED BOUT PRO BB,THEY GOT "FOOTBALL"2 KEEP THEM BORED.	In Britain, Basketball Is Somewhat of a Tough Sell 
2.8 	 At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire " Kropp left that country in the nick of time.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.4 	 dutch automat  Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking	Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking 
3 	 Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia  omg!	Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia 
1 	 Who Decides the Laws of War?  It belongs in civilian courts.	News Analysis: Military Tribunals and International War Crimes 
4.4 	 Former Alaska Gov Sarah Palin is no long a commentator for Fox News	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways 
2.4 	 New York lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws Ills	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws 
4 	 Lance Armstrong [Finally] Admits Doping, Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
3.8 	 Hong Kong takes the Internet speed title with 54.1 Mbps.	Hong Kong takes Internet speed title 
1.2 	 Where is justice? 'They ran him over because he was black'	Victim's son: It was a hate crime 
3 	 reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again.	Doctor and Patient: When the Doctor Returns to Doctoring 
3.8 	 Sheen wants to return to '2.5 Men' but has his past image ruined that? #coePR205	Sheen wants to return to 'Two and a Half Men' 
4.2 	 Good Read: Challenges for Women in India:	Challenges of being woman in India 
4 	 NYTimes: Richard G. Stern, Writers? Writer, Dies at 84 Big loss	Richard G. Stern, a Writers? Writer, Is Dead at 84 
0 	 Fantastic read from  on imprtnce of narratives: "...stories, not algorithms, give order to our hectic world."	Opinion: TV, The Thinking Person?s Entertainment of Choice 
4 	 "2012: The Year of Extreme #Weather" :  #ClimateChange #Drought #NationalClimateAssessment #GlobalChangeResearch	IHT Rendezvous: 2012: The Year of Extreme Weather 
3 	 La vision am?ricaine sur M.Kaspersky est peu flatteuse Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign	Bits Blog: Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign 
3.8 	 Sweet, sweet story. NYTimes: A Doll?s Magic, Free to Renew	A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew 
4.6 	 A New Housing Boom? Dont Count on It - By ROBERT J. SHILLER -	A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It 
3.2 	 " (UK fave) "Mate, why don't skip killing people night? It's too cold." -NYC murderers in last 9 days	Cold Wave Cut Murders in New York City Significantly 
3.8 	 Take that Texas. White House Rejects Petitions to Secede, but Texans Fight On	Texas Secession Movement Unbowed by White House Rejection 
1.4 	 No Deal on Teacher's Union Evaluations; NYC Risks Losing $450 Million	New York City Talks on Teacher Evaluations 
4.2 	 Interesting perspective... NYTimes: A New Housing Boom? Dont Count on It	A New Housing Boom? Don?t Count on It 
3.75 	 Battle behind China's 'Firewall'	Working behind China's 'Great Firewall' 
3.6 	 NYTimes: Analysis of Armstrong?s Interview With Winfrey it's shame (but we know it) #congrutalionlance	The Lede Blog: Live Updates on Armstrong's Oprah Interview 
2.8 	 Too many s*tty men in India: another gang rape	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 
4.2 	 Vodka is saving lives! Well, a puppy's life...	Booze saves puppy's life 
3 	 jl #NYT: U.S. Military Stops Sending Some Detainees to Afghan Custody  #p2 #topprog	U.S. Military Stops Sending Detainees to Some Afghan Prisons on Rights Fears 
4 	 Loving the street style from the #Couture in #Paris #Fashion	T Magazine: Street Style from the Couture in Paris 
3.2 	 asked many people (including yours truly) if #LanceArmstrong deserves another chance. Interesting views	Give Lance another chance? 
1.2 	 Travel photos that you wish you had taken -	Today's photo: Thai temple 
3.2 	 #Pentagon to lift combat ban for women... How about banning combat for men??	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 
3.8 	 Doing Good (and Burnishing Images Too)  #celebrity #charity	The Carpetbagger: Doing Good (and Burnishing Images, Too) 
3.6 	 Iran Currency Falls Further on U.S PRESSURE Over Banks transactions	Iran Currency Falls Further on Concerns Over Bank 
2 	 'Kitty Cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners,' and more in this cat story.	Well Pets: Holly the Cat's Incredible Journey 
1.6 	 Union membership falls to 97-year low, 11.3%. People will still find ways to blame them for everything.	Union Membership Drops Despite Job Growth 
1.8 	 Who spends so much money on food? That's so retarded :) The Unaffordable Luxury of Food	Big City: New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 
3.25 	 Sent from the CNN App for Android At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.2 	 #Google Gains From Creating Apps for #iPhone. Google Maps is #1 #App.	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition 
3.4 	 Get it together Sun (#Oracle)! Homeland Security warns users to disable Java. #CyberSecurity	Disruptions: U.S. Agency Warns of Java Software Problem 
3.4 	 unreal ?: If you have not heard of the acid attack on the Bolshoi director. ?	Acid attack on Russia ballet director 
3.2 	 Tragic. My thoughts and prayers go out to all..."At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire"	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.8 	 Potentially explosive legal battle: Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person 
4 	 Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pins: Kyle Stanley this week is back at Torrey Pines,...	Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pines 
2.2 	 Scarcity and Financial Decision-Making.	Hanging On: In Debt, and Digging Deeper to Find Relief 
3.6 	 Holy crap! :( "2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central London"	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour 
3.2 	 U.S. single-malt #whiskey has arrived	American Single-Malt Whiskeys Serve Notice 
3 	 Allergy-bullying? Apparently this is a real problem.	Allergy bullying: When food is a weapon 
3.6 	 World awaits Oprah's Armstrong interview not me I'm not watching	World awaits Oprah's Lance Armstrong interview - but will it change anything? 
0 	 Homicide #2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in US- 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns	America flunks its health exam 
1.8 	 A Library doll is loaned out to children:	A Doll's Magic, Free to Renew 
4.4 	 Senate holds key to fixing Washington -   thanks for that insight Ari #p2 #tcot	Senate key to fixing Washington 
3 	 #Cuba restricts travel for 'skilled' people	Cuba limits travel for athletes, workers 
4 	 what is driving our growth in government spending #facts	What Is Driving Growth in Government Spending? 
3.8 	 It's a start! Kudos to this kid!!! PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula 
0.4 	 Obama-backed gun bills a long shot. "This is ONE issue that me and the president happen to agree on."	Reform is a long shot in current Congress 
3.6 	 Beyond the media's coverage of her emotions, #Clinton put out good info: Five things we learned from Benghazi hearings	5 things we learned from Benghazi hearings 
4.2 	 2#France: We're not the pacifists you think	Why France is not pacifist nation 
3 	 Change the rules = Prez Romney: : Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger 4 Democrats 	FiveThirtyEight: Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger for Democrats 
0.6 	 As Seen on TV! ~ Black and Famous but Out to Pasture	Critic?s Notebook: ?Real Husbands of Hollywood? and Lack of Black Male Leads 
2 	 : Report: 650 hostages freed by Algeria forces	Fear, confusion in Algerian hostage crisis 
4.2 	 Pray they'll stay together for the right reasons - Kobe Bryant, wife calling off divorce -	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 
4.2 	 Harrowing stories: Broken limbs, torn lives in northern #Mali	Broken limbs, torn lives in Mali 
4.8 	 #NHL Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday  #ABASAL #Antitrust	Slap Shot: N.H.L. Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal; Approval Expected by Saturday 
1 	 Over 50, and Under No Illusions  Over 50? Invent yourself everyday!	How 5 Older Workers Saw a Chance to Remake Their Careers 
0.6 	 The power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil? NYTimes: Swarming a Book Online	A Casualty on the Battlefield of Amazon?s Partisan Book Reviews 
4.6 	 Cool stuff: 6 trends we saw at CES 2013 -	6 trends from CES 2013 
3.6 	 At least 233 dead in Brazilian nightclub fire. :(	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.8 	 So sad news : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
2 	 Ouch, possibly? : NYTimes: Japans Business Culture Hovers Over Boeings Battery Choice 	Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions 
3.4 	 What a loss of a great & inspirational mind! Internet Activist, a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26 
3 	 It's Jail Time, Charlie Brown	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
4.2 	 At long last, the truth... Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
4.2 	 I am calling BS!!! NYTimes: Morsi Says His Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context	Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context 
1.2 	 If you're a skier or snow-boarder, you'll dig these: On Snowy Slopes, Fingers Glide Down the Touch Screen.	App Smart: Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart 
2.4 	 David Gergen says Obama's 2nd inaugural will deepen division.  #Didn'tSeeItComing	Was Obama's historic speech divisive? 
3 	 Please Read: 's  piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in #Syria:	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs 
3.6 	 #CSIS388_Dave Facebook disrupting online dating	How Facebook's Graph Search could disrupt online dating 
4.2 	 U.S. steps up involvement in Mallpp#pppj##p#pl###p###p	U.S. steps up involvement in Mali 
1.8 	 I Went After Guns. Obama Can, Too.  One of the only things I would agree with Howard on.	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too. 
3.4 	 So Wang Lijun did build a surveillance network. - Chinese Party and Business Officials Fired in Sex Scandal	Chinese Officials Fired Over Sex Scandal 
4 	 NYTimes: Shes (Rarely) the Boss smart, as usual	Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss 
3.4 	 Wow": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.6 	 Hot #Luxury news: Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency land? , see more	Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency landing 
0 	 Everyone should read 's CNN column from today:	America's gun problem is not a race problem 
4 	 #BREAKING: #Police clash with #protesters calling for dissolution of #Pakistan's government -	Police, protesters clash in Pakistan 
1.2 	 Mubarak goes to jail	Egypt's Hosni Mubarak faces retrial 
3.6 	 Honestly where are people's rights being ruined in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal	What?s in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal 
4.2 	 This is odd! tsk! - Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person 
2 	 Great to have  in the Press Pool to discuss his piece on the President's push for gun control.	Biden Meets With House Democrats on Gun-Violence Proposals 
3.2 	 The classic American fame and blame game. The Point of Lance	Op-Ed Columnist: The Point of Lance Armstrong 
2.4 	 #Djokovic sets sights on #Paris party	Djokovic: 3 Aussie wins in a row 
4 	 #Pakistans Premier Intervenes in Fire Inquiry	Pakistan?s Ashraf Intervenes in Fatal Fire Investigation 
4.4 	 Kinship care & siblings: After #FosterCare Yrs, a Woman Becomes a Role Model for Her Sisters	The Neediest Cases: After Foster Care, Becoming a Role Model for Her Sisters 
0 	 Looks like we could get something right	GOP balks at gun control proposals 
4 	 You should read this: The Lifting of a Veil, Discreetly	The TV Watch: Jodie Foster Lifts a Veil at Golden Globes 
3.2 	 Interesting Piece! Being Bin Laden  #films #zerodarkthirty	Op-Ed Contributor: I Played Osama bin Laden in ?Zero Dark Thirty? 
4.2 	 U ds boi ehn": Piers slams guest over AR-15s "	Piers, guest clash over AR-15s 
4.8 	 Bad tweet (news) of the day": For Rape Victims in India,Police r Often Part of Problem reports "	For Rape Victims in India, Police Are Often Part of the Problem 
0 	 These Law Enforcers Will Stop at Nothing	Movie Review: ?Gangster Squad? With Sean Penn, Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone 
2.4 	 Populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign #Zeman #CzechRepublic	Former Prime Minister Is Elected President of Czech Republic 
4 	 Artley: Getting 10 million Twitter followers	How to get 10 million followers on Twitter 
2.8 	 hmmm she's filing for bankruptcy..	Casey Anthony files for bankruptcy 
4 	 #Mali Need Not Be France?s Afghanistan	IHT Rendezvous: Mali Need Not Be France's Afghanistan 
1 	 War on Evil? War on Sociopaths? Banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that War on Drugs stuff.	Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings 
1.2 	 be safe. i've heard on the news about china's air pollution that is terrible	China Allows Media to Report Alarming Air Pollution Crisis 
4.4 	 A Heroic Doctor Returns to Congo	Doctor Returns to Congo and Is Hailed as a Hero 
3.6 	 NYTimes: D. Brainerd Holmes, a Leader in Space Race, Dies at 91	D. Brainerd Holmes, Top NASA Official, Dies at 91 
3.8 	 179 republicans vote no ... House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for #Sandy Victims	House Approves $50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for Storm Victims 
1 	 Nobel-winning economist on why we should care about #climate change.	On the Non-equivalence of Greenhouse Gases and Entitlement Spending 
4.4 	 NYT Most Emailed: Pentagon Set to Lift Ban on Women in Combat Roles: The groundbreaking decision overturns a 199...	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 
3 	 It is laughable to believe the whole story, they never met? Image Becomes a Puzzle as Theories on Te?o Swirl	Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl 
3.6 	 Who'd have thought an American hero could be a Canadian? NYT: Man Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88	John Sheardown, Canadian Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran, Dies at 88 
4.4 	 'Vampire Diaries' spinoff coming to The CW, it's based in Nola!	'Vampire Diaries' spinoff pilot coming to The CW 
3.6 	 Poor creature MT  Amid 2d-guessing, marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from Gowanus Canal.	The Hard Decision Not to Rescue an Ailing Dolphin 
0.8 	 CNN: Egypt clashes: A stern Egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe...	Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell 'out of control' clashes 
4 	 lance armstrong quotes, pure gold	Lance's classic quotes 
5 	 Gas prices creep up a bit	Gas prices tick up slightly 
3.8 	 Indian Star (Sania Mirza) Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl	Straight Sets: Indian Star Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl 
0.8 	 Parent is defined as a point of origin. I'm not done being the best parent I can be for Ben. Not by a very long measure	Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence 
3.4 	 New #Facebook changes afoot - not to your profile (phew!) - rather a new feature, #GraphSearch.	Facebook introduces 'Graph Search' 
4 	 Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't) Say  Gotta be honest: I had not idea what she was saying. #goldenglobes	The Carpetbagger: Parsing What Jodie Foster Did (and Didn't Say) 
3.4 	 Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist and a Creator of RSS, Is Dead at 26, Apparently a Suicide.	Aaron Swartz, Internet Activist, Dies at 26 
4.6 	 MT : NY Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals  \\ the importance of disaster OM	New York Health Chief Defends Decision Not to Evacuate Hospitals 
0 	 a case when you might want to take someone else's shit...	Disgusting, Maybe, but Treatment Works, Study Finds 
3.2 	 Good article on the economics & culture that fuels pro cycling. NYTimes: Looking Upstream in Doping Cases	Critics Take a Look Upstream in Doping Scandals 
4.4 	 #Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any #Veteran Who Wants a #Job	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 
3.4 	 awful way to go out...": At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.4 	 The importance of taking a day off	The importance of a 'stop day' 
2 	 Care of the Elderly: the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels.	Study: More to Meal Delivery Than Food 
3.6 	 NYTimes: Talking, Walking Objects (this is a fantasy world for geeky me)	Opinion: Our Talking, Walking Objects 
4 	 I think a bunch of UCI suits need to change their pants NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
4.2 	 What a dope(r)... NYTimes: Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify	Armstrong Admits Doping, and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 
4.2 	 'Million Man March' Threatens #Pakistan Capital - CNN,	'Million Man March' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital 
0.2 	 This is gonna be fantastic for entertainment:	?South Park? Creators to Start Company, Important Studios 
4.2 	 ": Voice of Charlie Brown arrested, charged. " Please tell me he said good grief...	Good grief! Charlie Brown actor charged 
3 	 , is this anti-free speech new French law about Twitter must identify racist, anti-Semitic posters,  via	French court: Twitter must identify racist users 
4.6 	 Flu season is here, let's clear something up: "Do I Need a Flu Shot if I?ve Had the Flu?"	Ask Well: Do I Need a Flu Shot if I've Had the Flu? 
5 	 Kobe Bryant, wife say they are calling off #divorce -	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 
1.6 	 Inspiring article by Chelsea Clinton about volunteering this Saturday - National Day of Service	Clinton: We can make a difference 
3 	 Did you read the  #Opinionator the relationship between parents & teachers? Liza Lee was interviewed.  #edchat	Opinionator | Schooling: The Dicey Parent-Teacher Duet 
2 	 MT  Design Now Rivals Technology in Importance	Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward 
3.8 	 uhhhh 10 reasons we can't get enough Gosling yummie	Why we can't get enough Gosling (Duh!) 
4.6 	 Java vulnerability due to incomplete patch (from )	Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch 
2.2 	 NYTimes: GREAT OBIT on Dear Abby.	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
2.8 	 Robots making US more competitive in manufacturing:	Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation 
4 	 Florida's Burmese Python issue leads to snake killing contest. - ...	Florida tackling python problem with hunting contest 
4.4 	 Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to #Chicago  Love it. Great call & Congrats	Media Decoder Blog: Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to Chicago 
3.4 	 180! : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4 	 Are you better off "playing for a tie" in #investing:	Strategies: In Investing, at Least, It Makes Sense to Play for a Tie 
4.2 	 Boost Your Flu Shot Response With Exercise	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency 
4 	 For Obama?s New Term, Start Here - Nick Kristof for NYT	Op-Ed Columnist: For Obama?s Second Term, Start Here 
3.4 	 Worst nightmare! ": At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update: "	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.4 	 Anyone tried this?? Amazon giving you free MP3s your CDs	Amazon giving you free MP3s of your CDs 
1 	 Damn, maybe I shouldn't be so sanguine about the London fog:	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour 
3 	 #NYC school bus drivers go on strike  NYC school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime	New York School Bus Drivers Go on Strike 
2.8 	 How about a path to #citizenship for those already caught crossing the #border ? #Citizenship Path in One Fast Push	Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push 
3.6 	 Good Read. Agree - Mostly ": Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades  "	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 
4.2 	 J.J. Abrams set to direct ?Star Wars: Episode VII?	J.J. Abrams to Direct Next 'Star Wars' Movie 
3.4 	 To face someone that already shot a student.. ": I'm no hero, says teacher who talked down armed student. "	Teacher talks armed student into giving up, police say 
1.6 	 () Brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world. #FagsDoomNations 245 people killed in Brazil club fire.	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
3.6 	 Tea Party Unhappy. Fox News Fires Sarah #Palin	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways 
4.2 	 on point...5 Wine Words Not to Fear	The Pour: In Describing Wines, 5 Words Not to Fear 
5 	 See also: NYTimes: In Quebec, a Celebration on Skis	In Quebec, a Winter Celebration on Skis 
1.2 	 Life begins at conception, unless cas is involved.	Catholic hospital's lawyers argue fetus not a person 
3.4 	 This would be a very, very bad idea DPRK. North Korea threatens South Korea ove UN sanctions:	North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea 
3.4 	 In N.A.A.C.P., Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban  hmmmmmmmm . . . .	In Court, N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban 
4.2 	 About damn time!!! New York governor signs nation's first gun-control bill since Newtown -	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting 
5 	 Unemployment in #Spain Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight...	Spanish Joblessness Climbs Again, With No Relief in Sight 
0.6 	 Timothy Cook, Apple?s CEO, said the pipeline of products was ?chock-full.? ?We feel great about what we have in store?	Apple?s Profits Are Flat, and Stock Drops 
3.4 	 Read that Facebook has launched a new tool () to search its huge database of social graph data.	Bits Blog: Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 
4 	 Don't know why I can't stop reading about him - A Data Crusader, a Defendant and Now, a Cause	Aaron Swartz, a Data Crusader and Now, a Cause 
3.8 	 I wish I could see this, it sounds cool! Second Stage Adds 'Nobody Loves You'	ArtsBeat: Second Stage Theater Adds 'Nobody Loves You' 
4.4 	 NYTimes: #LindaRissPugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75  #crazylove	Linda Riss Pugach, 1937-2013: Linda Riss Pugach, Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines, Dies at 75 
1 	 3D version of ?Top Gun? was rejected by #China's censors. The line "religion is darkness' in "Life of Pi" gt the X too	In Hollywood Movies for China, Bureaucrats Want a Say 
1.6 	 .  Kobe just saved about $100 Mil	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 
3.6 	 NY Times Communications Executive Bob Christie Is Leaving . One of the industry's few good spokespeople.	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving 
3.8 	 RIP I have no words :( At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire -	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 
4.4 	 Property Values: What You Get for ... $1.6 Million	Property Values: Real Estate for $1.6 Million 
0 	 #Twolves fans should read this piece on KG by  in the NYTimes	Either With Him or Against Him 
2.6 	 India is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards??	India?s New Focus on Rape Shows Only the Surface of Women?s Perils 
1 	 Be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants!!!	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 
4.8 	 #Britains Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek Vote on #EuropeanUnion	U.K. Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek E.U. Vote 
4 	 Where in the world is frica? Selection of the Boeing 787's Battery Maker Raises Questions	Common Sense: Selection of the Boeing 787?s Battery Maker Raises Questions 
2 	 women have 'taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed.'	Op-Ed Columnist: Military Women and the Front Lines 
3.8 	 Justice Thomas hasn't said a single word in the Supreme Court in 7 years.He broke his silence.He said "Well he did not"	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court 
3.8 	 Kids can't trust anyone!! ": 50 arrested in Florida child sex sting - including several teachers: "	Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting 
3.4 	 Pentagon to lift combat ban	Pentagon ends ban on women in combat 
3.6 	 U.S., other nations ground Boeing Dreamliners over fire risk  (CNN)	U.S., other nations ground Dreamliners 
1.25 	 I don't normally agree with former PM John Howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the US	Op-Ed Contributor: Australia Banned Assault Weapons. America Can, Too. 
3.2 	 Need a rubber stamp of Chairman Mao or Lady Godiva on her horse? Ink Pad in the W. Village has got 'em. #NabeJoint	Neighborhood Joint | West Village: 10,000 Rubber Stamps at Ink Pad in the West Village 
4.2 	 HE Arts Beat Producer Says James Brown Biopic Is Finally a Go: The producers says he's gotten the rights from th...	ArtsBeat: James Brown Biopic Finally Gets Go Ahead 
3.6 	 This is interesting - NYTimes: Parents? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades	Parents? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 
4.2 	 Ishikawa and Wiratchant Invited to Augusta	Ryo Ishikawa and Thaworn Wiratchant Get Invites to Masters 
2 	 Great idea":Should make capital gains regressive over time, based upon how long capital invested  #StartupAct"	Are we living the capitalist's dilemma? 
1.2 	 Pentagon breaking news, this going to be a big debate.	Pentagon to open combat jobs to women 
3.8 	 Omo dey go tey : Opinion: Nigerians still waiting for their 'African Spring' Sowore -	Nigeria waits for 'African Spring' 
4.6 	 Not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware *Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain & Ireland -	Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland 
4.8 	 Online internet Aaron Swartz  commits suicide, relative says	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide 
4.2 	 Got a flu shot? Exercising can make it work even better. from	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot's Potency 
1 	 For #Armstrong it's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always.  #doprah	For Armstrong, a Confession Without Explanation 
3.4 	 Disruptions: Design Rivals Technology in Importance   : Nice quotes!	Disruptions: Disruptions: Design Is Driving Technology Forward 
4 	 Before there was Dear Sugar, there was Deary Abby: Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions, Dies at 94	Pauline Phillips, Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby, Dies at 94 
4.6 	 "France Is Increasing Security at Sites in #Niger and at Home."  #Uranium #Mali	France Is Increasing Security at Uranium Sites in Niger 
2.4 	 On trial over the illegal use of sea unicorn parts:  #dailywhale	2 Linked to Smuggling Narwhal Tusks Plead Not Guilty 
1.4 	 N. Korea defiant on U.N. sanctions	U.N. Security Council slams North Korea, expands sanctions 
5 	 Training Tips From Star Athletes  #motivation #fitness	Personal Best: Training Insights From Star Athletes 
2.75 	 Interesting article! Shes (Rarely) the Boss	Op-Ed Columnist: She?s (Rarely) the Boss 
3.25 	 Christensen: We are living capitalist's dilemma	Are we living the capitalist's dilemma? 
0.8 	 the ginger in me loves that world's #1 bachelor is part of the #gingerfamily	Prince Harry most eligible bachelor 
4.2 	 :-\ HMV gone into bankruptcy equivalent...	DealBook: British Retailer HMV Enters Equivalent of Bankruptcy 
3 	 Really people??? ?: Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission ?	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund 
3.8 	 British Woman Sentenced to Death in Bali Drug Case	British Grandmother Sentenced to Death for Smuggling Cocaine Into Bali 
4 	 DAILY REVIEW: Selected Letters of William Styron  #Review	?Selected Letters of William Styron? 
0.6 	 there exist a number of different possible events that may happen in the future. in most cases, there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur. a salient_entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned.	doing as one pleases or chooses; 
0.8 	 this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as "associated with a percieved place in a social heirarchy" for all lus. lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications.	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language; 
0.8 	 a recipient starts off without the theme in their possession, and then comes to possess it. although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary, the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled.	win something through one's efforts; 
1.2 	 this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	a standard or typical example; 
0.4 	 this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances; 
1.8 	 this frames describes a perceiver who fails to keep sight of a theme. the focus of this frame is the perceiver, which appears in subject position. this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver, where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject.	place (something) where one cannot find it again; 
2.2 	 a person takes leave from his or her routine activity (such as work or school) for a duration of time. the duration can be any length of time, as long as the absence is temporary.	failure to be present 
0 	 a trigger elicits a response. the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event.	meet by design; be present at the arrival of; 
1.6 	 a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	an account of the series of events making up a person's life 
0.8 	 an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient. in the absence of further qualifications, it is often understood that the potential_recipient accepts the theme.	provide (usually but not necessarily food); 
1.2 	 this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	territory over which rule or control is exercised; 
2.4 	 an agent actively (yet not always with success) attempts to keep an event from taking place. this event is (usually) an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent.	abstain from doing; always used with a negative; 
0 	 lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arranges to retain the services of an organization at a later date.	engage for a performance; 
2.2 	 the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death); 
2 	 an agent has attempted to achieve a goal, and the actual outcome of the agent's action has been resolved, so that it either specifically matches the agent's intent (e.g. success) or does not match it (e.g. failure).	having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome; 
0.4 	 a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee, expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds; 
0.2 	 a controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable.	discipline in personal and social activities; 
1.6 	 this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers.	a concept of quantity involving zero and units; 
2.8 	 this frame has to do with people (the residents) residing in locations, sometimes with a co-resident.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of; 
1.2 	 a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	(phonetics) an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language 
2.4 	 a living entity intends a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose. the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade, including another tool.	what something is used for; 
2 	 this frame describes a sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death. the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased.	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal; 
0.8 	 this frame contains (transparent ) nouns that are units of measurement for time. the frame elements are count, unit and process.  in this frame, we will not annotate deictic, calendric uses of nouns like week, month, etc. as in "next week, this month, in the 21st century".	a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something; 
4 	 while in motion, an impactor makes sudden, forcible contact with the impactee, or two impactors both move, mutually making forcible contact.	hit against; come into sudden contact with; 
2.4 	 a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a request for something to be made, supplied, or served; 
2.4 	 this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana) 
0 	 in this frame a group of individuals intentionally come together to form a group. alternatively, a grammatically more prominent party_1 assembles with a party_2, expressed as an oblique phrase. if this asymmetric construal is chosen, purpose only relates to party_1.	satisfy a condition or restriction; 
2.6 	 this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a group of people (often temporary) having a common purpose; 
1.8 	 there is a gradable amount of light in a particular location. in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location.      the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness, as shown in the following examples	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness; shadowed or black; 
2.8 	 a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities; 
3.8 	 a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic.	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future; 
1.6 	 an entity is in a specified state. when not explicitly specified, the state usually concerns the entity's health, repair of functioning. the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity.	the way something is with respect to its main attributes; 
2.2 	 this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect; 
1.2 	 this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	a committee having supervisory powers; 
0 	 this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount; 
1.4 	 a benefactor confers a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary. unlike in commerce_scenario, the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive. therefore, the element of benevolence is profiled. dual fe-layer annotation	financial assistance in time of need 
1.6 	 an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities. the entity need not be well-known or famous, though if it is, it may be stated by its name only. their worth may be restricted to a time or place.	of major significance or importance; 
1.4 	 these are words referring to control by a leader over a particular entity (the governed) or an activity. the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position (e.g. director, king, president), and verbs describing the action of leadership (e.g. rule, reign). with verbs, it is possible to mention the role played by the leader (often a name of a leading position, e.g., king)	exercise authority over; as of nations; 
1.5 	 an object theme moves in the direction of a goal. the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context, but its is always implied by the verb itself.	succeed in reaching; arrive at; 
3.2 	 this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality, generally a common attribute.	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public; 
2.6 	 an employee has a position doing work in a particular field, or doing work on a particular task, for which an employer gives compensation to the employee.	the occupation for which you are paid; 
1 	 a current_instance of a certain type is under discussion. this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or a different instance from a previous_instance encountered in a previous_context.	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree; 
0.2 	 this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	a social unit living together; 
0.6 	 the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme.	(physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc; 
1.8 	 a theme traverses a trajectory. this trajectory consists of a source, path, and goal. if the theme is sentient, the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory. if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme.	a line leading to a place or point; 
1.6 	 this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	make a proposal, declare a plan for something; 
3 	 an entity changes from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement.	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage); 
2 	 an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style; 
2.6 	 a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category; 
3.4 	 this frame describes a particular instance of an event.	an instance or single occasion for some event; 
1 	 an entity has a temperature characterized by the target. the temperature is a value of the temperature attribute.    note that in this frame, the entity does not experience the temperature, but is merely described as being in a certain externally verifiable state. is not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat; 
2.6 	 this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute; 
1.4 	 an agent occupies a role in some institution. this roleis (usually) temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time. it is common for a duration of the role to be mentionned.	do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function; 
0.4 	 a figure is located relative to a ground location. the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from a reference location (generally, the deictic center) and the direction in which the figure lies from a reference location (generally, the deictic center).	be adjacent or come together; 
2.8 	 this frames describes a social event where there may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participants. additionally, participants in this frame are expressed in one representative fe, attendees. note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals, where participants are grammatically separated.	a participant in a date; 
1.6 	 this frame contains items which, when manipulated, alter the funtion of some device, internal or external.	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine; 
1.8 	 this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession. the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense; 
1.4 	 an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened 
1.2 	 this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of a color. the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked. the description may also target a specific aspect of color.	(used of color) having a dark hue; 
2.8 	 a record that contains a permanent account of data. this record may be maintained by a recorder for a certain entity.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded; 
1 	 this frame covers words for body_part(s) (bp) belonging to a possessor (poss), which may be characterized by a descriptor (desc). the location of the bp may be identified in terms of its attachment or its orientational_location. a subregion of a bp may also be indicated.	the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear; 
0 	 an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event. in many cases, a non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle; 
2.6 	 a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	the condition of living or the state of being alive; 
2.4 	 an agent acts so as to be the strongest force, or most important causal factor in some situation, to the exclusion of other competing actors.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance; 
1.2 	 an entity aids in the successful completion of a purpose. its degree of utility may also be expressed. some of the lexical units in this frame (e.g. great, good) can only express permanent, generic states of the entity.	of good quality and condition; solidly built; 
0.8 	 an agent causes an impactor to make sudden, forcible contact with an impactee, or manipulates two (or more) impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact.	drive something violently into a location; 
1.2 	 an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature. the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer's subjective standard of comfort.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat; 
1.4 	 a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	have life, be alive; 
2 	 a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp; 
2.6 	 in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority; 
1 	 the temperature in a certain environment, determined by time and place, is specified.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat; 
0 	 a state_of_affairs is evaluated as good (or bad), against a background assumption that previously, the state_of_affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur. the state_of_affairs holds for a particular protagonist.	deserving or inciting pity; 
2.2 	 an agent makes use of a means (either an action or a (system of) entities standing in for the action) in order to achieve a purpose. (this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions.)	how a result is obtained or an end is achieved; 
0.4 	 an developer develops a product, in some cases for a company.	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining; 
0.8 	 a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	a record or narrative description of past events; 
2.4 	 an influencing_variable, an influencing_situation, or an influencing_entity has an influence on a dependent_entity, dependent_variable, or a dependent_situation.  compare to subjective_influence. words in objective_influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world, where words in subjective_influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers.	the effect of one thing (or person) on another; 
0.2 	 an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having little impact; 
0 	 this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance. also present is piece_prop which is a property of the piece, e.g. relating to its size.	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities 
1.6 	 a speaker addresses an audience on a particular topic. the audience is generally passive, although for many types of address (including academic talks and press conferences), a discussion or question-answer period is virtually always required.	narrate or give a detailed account of; 
0.8 	 the word(s) in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that.	the specified day of the month; 
0 	 this frame is concerned with nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole's orientation, center, or edge and is not ordered. we also annotate properties of the part, e.g. relating to its size.	(music) the section of a composition or movement (especially in sonata form) where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated 
2.2 	 an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role.	serve a purpose, role, or function; 
2 	 a place defined by an owner.	the land on which real estate is located; 
2.2 	 a law regulates activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction, dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not. often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it, and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority. they may or may not be created by some official legislative body.	a body of rules followed by an assembly 
1.6 	 the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned; 
1 	 ambient conditions of temperature, precipitation, windiness, and sunniness pertain at a certain place and time. further specification of the conditions that pertain may also be indicated.	free of clouds or rain; 
1.2 	 an individual or group (practitioner) or a part of their work life (work) is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in. alternatively, the activity may be indicated by a salient_entity conventionally associated with it.	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings; 
1.6 	 a particular piece of information is evaluated for its accuracy. the degree of correctness may also be expressed. the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information.	consistent with fact or reality; not false; 
0 	 this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication. these words, analogously to behaver-evaluating words, can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce. they can occur with about-pps expressing topic.	worthy of being depended on; 
0.8 	 this frame is for objects, physical or otherwise, which are used to grant access to some location or function.	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock; 
0 	 an entity has the ability to contain a theme.	be used by; as of a utility; 
0.8 	 this frame contains words that denote kinship relations. in annotating the directional uses of these words, we use the standard terms from anthropology, ego and alter. matilde is gilberto's cousin once removed	family based on male descent; 
2 	 two individuals, the subordinate and the superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follows orders given by the superior and has the best interests of the superior in mind.	work for or be a servant to; 
2.4 	 lus in this frame denote a period of time in which an enabled_action becomes possible. the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact. an agent who performs the enabled_action may be mentioned as well.	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something; 
0.4 	 this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body.	(used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored; ; 
0 	 in this frame, there is a part of a whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole. in cases where the target is an adjective, it has a special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that a phrase which is a syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective, as in	the striking or working surface of an implement 
1 	 an event takes place at a place and time.	a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation; 
0 	 there is a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event (typically perception or manipulation) with the participant. alternatively, the event may be indicated metonymically by a instrument . [note the connection with *distance, sufficiency, and capability. words in this frame can generally be paraphrased "close enough to be able to".]	a range of mental vision; 
0.8 	 in this frame a part is part of a larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered. the parts can be ordered temporally (first to last and vice versa) or vertically (down to up and vice versa). the part can be modified by the part_prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality.	a major division of a long written composition; 
2.2 	 a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition.	be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious; 
1.4 	 an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having strength or power greater than average or expected; 
0.2 	 an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes 
1.5 	 a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	give help or assistance; be of service; 
0.6 	 a speaker realizes a sign, usually a linguistic one, in some formal_realization. the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression, or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form. manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization	speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way; 
3.4 	 this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by a nation; 
1.6 	 the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment; 
1 	 the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives; 
1.4 	 an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose; 
1.8 	 this frame concerns a cognizer's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations. it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt; 
0.8 	 the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim. the body_part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim. in such cases, the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of the body_part, in which case the victim fe is indicated on a second fe layer.	deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon; 
0 	 a useful_location is accessible to some (possibly generic) theme despite a potential barrier, or is not accessible because of the barrier.	having skin rich in melanin pigments; 
1.6 	 in a text, a source_of_information is given that provides a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text. in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled, with the source_of_information made salient.	seek information from; 
3.4 	 a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents, usually to an addressee. the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text.	look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed; 
2 	 words in this frame have to do with a cognizer being aware (or not being aware) of the difference between two phenomena, which may be expressed jointly or disjointly.	be able to distinguish, recognize as being different; 
0.8 	 the support, a phenomenon or fact, lends support to a claim or proposed course of action, the proposition, where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed. some of the words in this frame (e.g. argue) are communication words used in a non-communicative, epistemic sense.	imply as a possibility; 
2.25 	 this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups (here termed organizations) with some definite structure and members. they may be relatively informal, consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member, or they may be complex and long-lasting, such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party.	a formal association of people with similar interests; 
0.6 	 in this frame an evaluee is described by a (usually implicit) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; -Thomas Hardy 
1.33333333333333 	 an author creates a text, either written, such as a letter, or spoken, such as a speech, that contains meaningful linguistic tokens, and may have a particular addressee in mind. the text may include information about its topic, although the latter is not an fe in this frame.	recite or repeat a fixed text; 
2.6 	 a controlling_entity, controlling_situation, or controlling_variable control a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable. the latter, dependent, element or some aspect of it is not just influenced, but determined by the controlling element.	power to direct or determine; 
2.2 	 this frame describes a situation in which an owner loses his or her possession. the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession (i.e. robbery or gambling) or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense; 
1.6 	 these adjectives describe the degree of strictness or tolerance of an agent, usually with regard to another person (the controllee) and often with regard to a particular issue. the strictness/lenience with respect to the issue may be manifested in (expressed by) an agent or by some medium (e.g., laws), or by some behavior of the agent, i.e., the controlling_act.	unsparing and uncompromising in discipline or judgment; 
0 	 some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity.	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine; 
0 	 an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use. various properties of the artifact may be specified, such as its creator, time_of_creation, name, type, and the material of which it is composed. the artifact may or may not be a physical entity.	a flat portable surface (usually rectangular) designed for board games; 
0.8 	 authorities charge a suspect, who is under suspicion of having committed a crime (the charges), and take him/her into custody.the police arrested harry on charges of manslaughter.	record a charge in a police register; 
1.8 	 the reader attends to a text to process its information. sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text.	interpret something that is written or printed; 
1.6 	 this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy.	(usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy; 
3 	 a text is an entity that contains linguistic, symbolic information on a topic, created by an author at the time_of_creation. it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree.	a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together); 
1.4 	 an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer. the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat; 
0.4 	 an entity exists at a particular location, at a particular time, as observed by an implicit observer. a depictive and/or duration phrase is often found. this frame differs from existence in that the location is profiled as a ground where an observer is conceived of as confirming the entity's existence.     in some cases, the location may be recoverable from phrases that primarily express peripheral information	the state of being absent; 
0.6 	 an entity undergoes some change (the event) that is (or is construed as) punctual. (this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited.)	affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely; 
0.8 	 the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water 
3.2 	 an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a (generally implicit) judge.	very pleasing to the eye; 
2 	 the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities); 
1.2 	 an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet a standard. alternatively, an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills a standard. in this frame, the agent, entity, or event can be conceptualized as being on a scale where a change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale.	fill or meet a want or need 
0.4 	 an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type.	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity; 
2.4 	 the answer to one open question, the outcome, is dictated (partially or completely) by the answer to another open question, the determinant, i.e. if the answer to the determinant is known, the answer to the outcome can be predicted. the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed.	a relation such that one thing is dependent on another; 
1.2 	 this frame describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter.	(chemistry) the three traditional states of matter are solids (fixed shape and volume) and liquids (fixed volume and shaped by the container) and gases (filling the container); 
1 	 these words describe the size of message that a speaker is judged by a (usually unexpressed) judge to give, either in a specific occasion or topic or in general. as in other communication frames, medium may also be expressed.	free of noise or uproar; or making little if any sound; 
2.6 	 an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a (typically generic and backgrounded) cognizer on a certain number of occasions, causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer.	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object; 
0.2 	 words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to a code of laws or rules. an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence, location or possession.	(of a baseball) hit between the foul lines; 
3 	 these words refer to parts merging to form a whole. (the parts may also be encoded as part_1 and part_2.) there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process, and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole.	a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities 
2 	 a man-made artifact, digital or physical, which is used to display information presented via the object.	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view 
2.2 	 words in this frame have to do with a cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future. some words in the frame (e.g. foresee.v) indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true, while others do not.	look forward to the probable occurrence of; 
2 	 a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has. a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it.	help to some food; help with food or drink; 
0.6 	 an entity is integrated into a building as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building.	a pane of glass in a window; 
3.4 	 the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions.	the feelings expressed on a person's face; 
2.4 	 geography as defined by its use.	a district that has been developed to serve some purpose; 
3.2 	 a phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known, given the (usually implicit) evidence, perceiver, and the circumstances in which it is considered. for several of the lus, such as visible, audible, etc., the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being a perceptual experience.	be or become visible or noticeable; 
0 	 this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type. the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain.	devoted (sometimes fanatically) to a cause or concept or truth; 
2.2 	 an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with; 
0.8 	 lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected; 
2.8 	 an authority with the power to make decisions hands down a finding over a question presented in a formal or informal case.	decide with authority; 
3.2 	 this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation; 
1.8 	 a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality; 
1.2 	 an agent expends effort towards achieving a goal. alternatively, a salient_entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of a goal expression.	activity directed toward making or doing something; 
2.8 	 this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) taxonomic group containing one or more families 
0 	 this frame contains words referring to items of food.	a particular day specified as the time something happens; 
0.8 	 a person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness, in other words the amount of money in their possession.	having little money or few possessions; 
2.6 	 an experimenter conducts an experiment based on a hypothesis. this experiment contains a control_group or controlled_individual which is compared with a treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result.	a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment; 
0 	 a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	not faint or feeble; 
1.6 	 this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism. an organism is described as something that can be alive, or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions, however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life.	living things collectively; 
0.2 	 this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge; 
0 	 this frame has to do with the repetition (and especially the frequency of repetition) of an event. many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric_unit frame.	having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual; 
0 	 this frame contains transparent nouns (and some adjectives) denoting quantities of a mass or of individuals. as opposed to aggregate words such as group, set, these quantity do not have a status as wholes on their own. initially, at least, we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame, though we may split the frame along these lines later on.	not excessive or extreme; 
1.8 	 the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm. the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity.	relatively large in size or number or extent; larger than others of its kind; 
1.6 	 an agent or cause makes a new_member part of group. the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members.	make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of; 
0.4 	 lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable. this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation; see below.	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category; 
0.8 	 in this frame, which is a part of the trial sequence, a judge gives a finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in a particular case.	decide on and make a declaration about; 
2 	 this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names.	a language unit by which a person or thing is known; 
0.6 	 the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in a state of order or disorder. often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is, therefore, marked as a null instantiation.	established customary state (especially of society); 
0 	 the lexical units in this frame are descriptions of a cognizer's attitude about or outlook on a state_of_affairs.     the state_of_affairs can be expressed without a cognizer in many cases, as shown in the following	showing a brooding ill humor; 
0 	 a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process.	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration 
2.6 	 a cognizer introduces a new_idea into society.	make a discovery, make a new finding; 
2.6 	 an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior, a lifestyle, which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine. the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally, and may just be the result of circumstance.	a characteristic state or mode of living; 
2.66666666666667 	 a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm, energy, and positivity.	animation and energy in action or expression; 
0.6 	 this frame contains lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represents. the form may also represent the entire body of an artist's work. the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork's creation or other descriptors.	(architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans 
0.2 	 geography as defined by its use.	a place where work is done; 
0.4 	 an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something; 
2 	 a person (the cognizer) comes to believe something (the content), sometimes after a process of reasoning. this change in belief is usually initiated by a person or piece of evidence. occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic, i.e. that which the mental content is about.	establish after a calculation, investigation, experiment, survey, or study; 
1 	 this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language. a number of the words can be used performatively, such as declare and insist.	state or say further; 
0 	 this frame is concerned with the likelihood of a hypothetical_event occurring. the hypothetical_event is its only core frame element.  notice that in the case where a noun phrase is the subject of the support verb, that np is also tagged as hypothetical_event.	involving substantial risk; 
1.8 	 in this frame an ingestor takes a substance into his or her body. the delivery_device can appear as a direct object.	take or consume (regularly or habitually); 
2.6 	 the hearer receives a message or communication on a particular topic. words in this frame denote events of verbal communication, but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument.	to hear and understand; 
0.8 	 the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use); 
2.8 	 this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy. the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics. these classifications are labeled rank in this frame. the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun.	(biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera; 
2.4 	 a perceiver determines the location of a sought_entity within a ground.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost; 
2 	 in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	(often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed; 
3.2 	 a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured, or metonymically, entity had formerly existed, in a location.	an indication that something has been present; 
1.2 	 a competition comes to an end, with a competitor tying, winning, or losing against an opponent (or opponents) according to their score. (in the symmetrical situation of a tie, the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors.) according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved, they may receive a rank or a prize. the margin may also be mentioned.	finish third or better in a horse or dog race; 
2.6 	 Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico	Suspected drug lord known as El Taliban held in Mexico 
4.4 	 SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case	SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict 
2.6 	 Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs	Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities 
3.8 	 NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack	NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan 
4.2 	 Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday	Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday 
3 	 Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war	Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran  video 
3.8 	 Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law	U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law 
3.2 	 NATO traces path out of Afghanistan	NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition 
4 	 Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus	Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10 
0.8 	 Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin	Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century 
1.4 	 Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast	Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast 
2.4 	 Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership 
2.4 	 Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea	Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea 
3.2 	 Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack	Teenager kills 8 in knife attack 
3.8 	 Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria	Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria 
0.4 	 Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel	7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule 
4.4 	 Netanyahu set to call early vote	Israel's Netanyahu set to call early vote 
2.8 	 Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history	Greece secures biggest debt deal in history 
1 	 Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Polls open in Russian presidential election 
0.75 	 Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church	Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan 
0.2 	 Indian finance minister quits to run for president	Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate 
3.8 	 Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial 
2.4 	 Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report	7 Tibetans self-immolate in China 
3.6 	 White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks	Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks 
2 	 Annan warns talks of Syria risks	Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis 
1.4 	 Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants	Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia 
4.8 	 Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics	Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics 
2.2 	 Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	Nigeria: University Bombed in North 
3.4 	 US says ready to help blind Chinese activist	U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official 
3.2 	 China's Cabinet promises to boost economy	China's Wen promises job creation 
1.8 	 Annan, UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria	Russia, China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria 
4 	 Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics	Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero 
1 	 Military plane crashes in south France: authorities	Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead 
1 	 Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims	Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic 
4.8 	 Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries 
3.2 	 Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe	Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe 
5 	 Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney names Ryan as running mate 
3.6 	 Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten	Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal 
4 	 Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp	Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts 
2.2 	 NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan 
1.8 	 Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation	Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter 
0.6 	 Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22	Nigeria church blast kills at least 12 
1 	 French election turnout higher than expected	French presidential election: first round - live updates 
4.4 	 Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve	Australia creates world's largest marine reserves 
1.6 	 Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier	Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman 
1.4 	 Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan	Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan 
4 	 Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government	Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government 
2.8 	 Egypts Coptic Church Names New Pope	Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope 
3.6 	 Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death 
3.8 	 Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence	Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad' 
1.4 	 Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles	Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles 
1 	 Egypt votes on final day of presidential election	Polls open in France for presidential election 
0.4 	 Berri says ready to help launch national unity government	The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government 
0.6 	 Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?	Reopen Madeleine case, police urge 
1.8 	 13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks	16 killed in north Iraq attacks 
1.4 	 Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers	Mayday: fears for asylum seekers 
3 	 ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police	NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south 
4.6 	 Coty launches $10 billion bid for rival Avon	Coty bids $10 billion for Avon 
3.2 	 UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria	UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors 
5 	 Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple	Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin 
0.6 	 Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati	Probe into motor insurance market 
2.4 	 Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall	Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans 
4.2 	 China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace	China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace 
0.4 	 22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy	AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels 
1.2 	 South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors	South Korea to boost nuclear power? 
1.6 	 Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash	Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash 
1.6 	 US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks	'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks' 
4.8 	 AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn	AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion 
1.2 	 Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee	Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day 
0.8 	 Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted	Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk 
4.2 	 Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block 
0.6 	 Woman dies after abortion refusal	Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset 
1.8 	 Greece votes in crucial election	Greece looks set for repeat election 
2.2 	 U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria 
3.6 	 Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts	Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts 
1 	 I'll Have Another retired to stud	I'll Have Another wins Preakness 
0.6 	 Syria journalists rescue bid fails	Journalists smuggled out of Homs 
1.8 	 New sex claim hits Secret Service	New rules for US Secret Service 
1.2 	 Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall	Iranians confess to nuclear scientist murders 
4.6 	 Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt's President 
0 	 Rimsha Masih released on bail	Mandela released from hospital 
0 	 1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	180 killed in Iran earthquake 
3.2 	 ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers	Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video 
0 	 Gains in financial stocks push up European equities	British Christians take complaints to European court 
1.6 	 Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees	Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees 
1.4 	 1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon 
1.6 	 Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France	Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain 
1.6 	 No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra	5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS 
3.2 	 IAF strike Gaza terror hubs	IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead 
2.2 	 Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza	Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38 
1.4 	 18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq	9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk 
2 	 Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal	Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker 
3.4 	 Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel	Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel 
3.2 	 Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers	Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers 
2.4 	 Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care	Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand 
4.8 	 6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS	6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey 
2.8 	 US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA	US decries Pakistan doctor's fate 
0.4 	 What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game	What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser 
3.6 	 New Jersey School Bans Hugging	US school bans hugging 
4.6 	 Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227 
2.4 	 Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska	Tsunami warning after Canada quake 
0.8 	 'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case	US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000 
3.8 	 Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares	Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock 
0.4 	 7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey	3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq 
4.6 	 Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building 
1 	 Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent	French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent 
0.4 	 Shares Move Higher on Wall Street	Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut 
2.6 	 Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct	Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales 
0.8 	 Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar	Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal 
0.8 	 4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan	12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan 
1.6 	 China stocks close mixed Friday	China stocks open lower Friday 
0.8 	 India bans bulk texts after riots	Tunisia lifts curfew after riots 
2.4 	 UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre'  video	UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site 
3.6 	 Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast	Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast 
3.75 	 Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia	Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali 
4.2 	 Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe	Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start 
4 	 Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat	Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat 
4.8 	 Man killed in French terror raid	Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation' 
3.8 	 Dali painting stolen from gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery 
5 	 Capello quits as England manager	Capello resigns as England manager 
3.2 	 One dead in Ohio school shooting	1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting 
2.4 	 2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes	Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike 
3.2 	 Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes	Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes 
4 	 Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast 
3.6 	 Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim	Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign 
2 	 The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012 
4.4 	 'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'	Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes 
3.8 	 Annan urges end to Syria violence, minister defects	Annan urges end to Syrian violence 
0 	 Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election 
0.6 	 Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls	Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote 
3.4 	 Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs	Syria says troops have begun pullout  video 
2.6 	 Nigeria plane crash: No survivors	4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims 
0.8 	 MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3% 
2.8 	 Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39	Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths 
3.6 	 Strong earthquake hits Mexico	Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco 
3.8 	 Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution 
4.2 	 Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy	Lawyers: Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill 
1.6 	 Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO's Afghan HQ	Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding 
2.6 	 Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board	Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board 
4.4 	 UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network 
0 	 Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice	Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car 
4 	 Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links	Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports 
4.8 	 Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast 
2.2 	 Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill	Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions 
1.6 	 Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013	Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics 
4 	 Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot	Four men admit London bombs plot 
3.8 	 PM in Tehran, asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria	Manmohan in Tehran, asks NAM to take a stand on Syria 
1.6 	 Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship	Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire 
3.8 	 Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia	12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia 
1.4 	 Senators can return to playoffs with victory	Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory 
1 	 Syria urges refugees to return	Syria's tenuous truce takes hold 
4.2 	 US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan	US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree 
1.2 	 Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up	Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling 
0.4 	 Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal	Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal 
3.8 	 China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday	China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday 
3.6 	 South Africa train crash kills at least 19	South Africa train crash kills 26 
4 	 Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars 
3.8 	 Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule	Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China 
1 	 Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in	Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey 
3.8 	 Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder	Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder 
3.4 	 Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets	Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others 
1.8 	 Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks	Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks 
3.6 	 Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Gusmao powers on in East Timor 
4.4 	 UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre'  video	UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings 
3.8 	 Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing	Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters) 
4.8 	 NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet	NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet 
1.4 	 Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb	Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs 
0.8 	 Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army	Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border 
0.2 	 Five killed in China building collapse	At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday 
3.4 	 Syrian forces launch new attacks	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack 
0.2 	 Syrians trade blame over blasts	Israel braces for Arab protests 
1.4 	 Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up 
4.6 	 Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91	John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91 
3.8 	 Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor	Johnson re-elected London mayor 
1 	 Breivik drops far-right salute in court	Breivik gets 21-year sentence 
1.4 	 Second teenager charged with murder	Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder 
0.8 	 French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders	Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices' 
4.2 	 US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud 
1.8 	 Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote	Polls open across France in presidential election 
3.2 	 Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport	Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport 
4.6 	 Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest 
4.6 	 Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law	Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty 
4.2 	 S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital	Mandela Discharged From Hospital 
0.2 	 UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria	NZ to increase exports to China 
1 	 Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election	Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt 
1.6 	 Donna Summer, the queen of disco	Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63 
3.6 	 Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say	Muslims torch Buddhist temples 
0.4 	 U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan	Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan 
0 	 Mali future interim president readies to take office	Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy 
1.2 	 9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes	10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast 
1.8 	 Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks	Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks 
2.2 	 Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named	British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal 
3.8 	 Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses	Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win 
3.8 	 Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal	Bahrain rejects activists' appeal 
3.6 	 Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard	Hurricane Sandy moves towards US 
0 	 Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite	Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents 
0 	 JK Rowling launches her first adult novel	Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo 
2.4 	 Algerian government parties dominate elections	Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct 
0.6 	 Security official killed in Yemen	Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid 
3.2 	 US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls	US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on 
5 	 Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source	Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate 
1 	 NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen	NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan 
1.4 	 Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading 
2 	 No blocks to investment	India allows Pakistan investment 
2.6 	 Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan	Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan 
0.8 	 5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan 
3.6 	 Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast 
4 	 Nadal tumbles into French Open final	Nadal through to seventh French Open final 
3.2 	 Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin	Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says 
4.4 	 Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election 
1.6 	 Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House	Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house 
0.4 	 Government promises action on Heathrow queues	Finance minister promises no new taxes 
5 	 Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave	Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave 
4 	 orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	Alps attack: Girl returns to UK 
2.8 	 Obama team raises debate stakes	Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate 
0.8 	 Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash 
3.2 	 Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks	U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks 
2.8 	 Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally	Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies 
1.2 	 Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests	Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists 
3.8 	 Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO	Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility 
4.4 	 Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast 
2.33333333333333 	 Egyptian president moves into Mubarak's old office	Egypt's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government 
3.4 	 Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries	2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured 
0.4 	 Japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy	Japan thanks Taiwan for quake aid 
3.8 	 Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight 
4 	 Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court	Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court 
2 	 Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan	Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia 
1 	 Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis	Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis 
3.6 	 Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb	Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus 
4 	 Mob kills man for burning Quran	Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran' 
1.8 	 US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials 
4.6 	 Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC 
1.8 	 Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests? 
4.2 	 Sarkozy announces re-election bid	France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official 
4.6 	 US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks	US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release 
3.4 	 Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device	Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station 
3 	 Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment at record high in June 
3.8 	 French Socialist Party wins parliament victory	French Socialists win absolute parliament majority 
0.6 	 Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses	Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison 
3.8 	 Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring	Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring 
1.8 	 Romney wins Florida Republican primary	Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame 
2.6 	 US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan 
2.6 	 At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack	At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing 
2.4 	 2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China	3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China 
0 	 Head of CIA resigns over affair	Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati 
4 	 France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring	Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring 
3.6 	 Sony reports record annual loss	Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn 
0.4 	 12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes	Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike 
1.4 	 9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day	19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End 
4.4 	 Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations	Barclays hit by fresh US probe 
0.4 	 US closes embassy in Syria (AP)	Closed roads in Armenia 
1.25 	 Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK	Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs 
4.4 	 EU heaps new sanctions on Syria	EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime 
2.2 	 US drone strike kills 8 militants	US drone strike kills four in NWA: officials 
3.4 	 Russians rally against Putin's rule	Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP) 
4 	 Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests	Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest 
1.4 	 China stocks open flat Monday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday 
4.6 	 Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor	Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor 
2.6 	 Obama endorses same-sex marriage	Obama's delicate dance on same-sex marriage 
4.2 	 Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials	Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane 
3.8 	 Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact	Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership 
0.6 	 Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash	Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN 
3.6 	 Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan 
3.6 	 US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies 
4.2 	 Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses	Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses 
1.6 	 Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana	Romney wins Florida Republican primary 
4 	 East German rights activist Gauck elected president	Joachim Gauck elected as German president 
2.4 	 South Africa starts investigating mine violence	South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff 
2.6 	 Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think	Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed 
0.4 	 3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident	35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident 
3.6 	 Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency	Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency 
1 	 Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory	Santorum wins Kansas caucuses 
4.8 	 Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees	Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians 
4 	 Space legend Neil Armstrong dies	First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82 
4.8 	 U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria 
0.8 	 Man arrested over double murder	WA man arrested in police drug raid 
2.8 	 Florida counties extend early voting	Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours 
3.8 	 Warship sets sail for Falklands	British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands 
1 	 Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights 
2.8 	 Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike	Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks 
1 	 Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident	Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip 
4.25 	 Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race	Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race 
0.6 	 Syrian journalists killed in capital	US Marines killed in base attack 
2.4 	 GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels	US helping get arms to Syria rebels 
4.4 	 U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site	UN observers reach Syria massacre village 
0.4 	 Publisher acquitted in privacy case	PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality 
0 	 American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract	Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat 
2.8 	 Greek PM to announce new election	Greek PM calls for May 6 general election 
1.6 	 Government of Canada Supports Montral Women Leading Change	Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina 
3.2 	 No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress	No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay 
0 	 Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades	Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders 
0 	 Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones	Charges over dog attack on police 
2.2 	 Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10	Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it 
5 	 Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China	Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China 
4.8 	 Eurozone backs Greek bailout	Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out 
1.8 	 Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan 
1.6 	 Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission 
1 	 Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare	Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base 
4.8 	 Two blasts hit Syria capital	Two blasts rock Syrian capital 
3.6 	 BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'	BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal 
4.8 	 Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses 
3.2 	 In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope	Egyptian Christians choose new pope 
5 	 US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met	US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met 
1 	 Chinese stocks close higher Thursday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday 
3.6 	 Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather	Greece to vote on 2013 budget 
4.4 	 Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama	Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia 
4 	 U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks	U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks 
2.6 	 Barack Obama's personal evolution on same-sex marriage	Obama backs same-sex marriage 
2.8 	 Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos 
4.8 	 England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket	England captain Strauss retires from cricket 
3.8 	 Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries	Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film 
1 	 Journalists hail London Olympics opening	Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener 
1.5 	 Aust stocks open lower	Tokyo stocks open lower 
3.4 	 WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails	WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents 
3 	 Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip	Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP) 
4.6 	 Mali's President Hands in Resignation	Mali's President Formally Resigns 
3.6 	 China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution	War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution 
1.4 	 Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack	60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack 
1.6 	 FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1	FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13 
4.2 	 HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria	Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria 
3.8 	 Israel among top arms exporters in world: report	Israel among top arms exporters and importers 
0.8 	 Egyptians to vote for new president	Somali MPs to elect new president 
5 	 Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title	Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title 
3.6 	 Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt	Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners 
2.6 	 China stocks close mixed Friday	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday 
3.8 	 Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred	Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures 
1.6 	 Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses	Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters 
1.6 	 43 killed in bus crash	15 killed in crash in India 
4 	 Putin sworn in as Russian president	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years 
0 	 China trade returns to surplus in March	Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv 
2.2 	 Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate	Five things to watch in the presidential debate 
2.2 	 2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport	Dozens of 'flytilla' activists protest at Paris airport 
1.4 	 Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce	Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce 
3 	 Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre	Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100 
4.4 	 South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks	S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks 
0.2 	 Conspiracy against me - Lance	Day begins amid panic 
1 	 Spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent	US jobless rate seen rising, offering Obama no relief 
0 	 Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan	Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine 
3.2 	 Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed	Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback 
3.8 	 Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation	Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation 
4 	 Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic	Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic 
2.8 	 Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film	Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film 
1.4 	 Polls open in Russian presidential election	Polls close in Senegal's presidential election 
4.4 	 Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba 
0.6 	 Romanian president declared victory	Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark 
3.6 	 Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy	Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism 
1.4 	 Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties	Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank 
4.2 	 Mali interim leader takes office	Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office 
3.8 	 Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election 
1.6 	 AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence	U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence 
3.4 	 EU slaps sanctions on Assad family	EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs 
1.8 	 Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape	Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing 
3.8 	 More than 30 striking miners killed	More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa 
1.2 	 Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters	Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats 
3.4 	 Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston	Music industry mourns Whitney Houston 
2.6 	 Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets	Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba 
4.5 	 Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'	Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites 
1.8 	 China stocks end higher on PMI at midday	Chinese stocks open higher Thursday 
0 	 Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds	Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year 
2.6 	 Man convicted in Vatican leaks case	Butler to be tried in "Vatileaks" case 
2.8 	 Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win	Romney has narrow Maine caucus win 
3.8 	 Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli	Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed 
3.4 	 Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF	Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization 
1.4 	 Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash	49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash 
4 	 Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs	Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit 
4 	 Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later	US man recovers car 42 years after theft 
4 	 Google CEO says Android important, not critical	Larry Page says Android important, not critical 
3.8 	 Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president	Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president 
3.6 	 Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states	Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states 
0.8 	 Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan	At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight 
0 	 Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia	Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies 
3.8 	 Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'	Romney Promises to 'Restore America' 
0.6 	 Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized	'Kony 2012' director hospitalized 
2.2 	 Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action	Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S. 
1.2 	 Mandela released from hospital	Israeli president released from hospital 
4 	 Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three	Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies in at the double 
3.8 	 Jaya Prada all set to join BJP	Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her 
0.6 	 Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze 
2.8 	 Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film	Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests 
2.6 	 Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels	Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province 
3.2 	 Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title	Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title 
3 	 Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%	Childcare 'costing 15,000 a year' 
3.4 	 Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis	Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis 
1 	 Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns	Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns 
4.2 	 Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate	Obama, Romney prepare to debate 
0.8 	 First significant gas found offshore Kenya	Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya 
2.2 	 Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan 
3.2 	 At CPAC, Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials	CPAC 2012: Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base 
3.4 	 8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt	Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt 
3.2 	 Glorious triple-gold night for Britain	Britain savors golden night on track 
0.6 	 Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral	Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo 
1.6 	 U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan	Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan 
0.8 	 Polls close in Egyptian presidential election	Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election 
1.2 	 Police 'did not link' Savile claims	BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case 
3.4 	 Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment hits record high 
4.2 	 James Murdoch quits BSkyB	James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB 
4.8 	 Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91	Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91 
0.6 	 Egypt presidential election May 23-24	US presidential election 2012 
3.4 	 Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east 
4 	 UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre	UN team investigates Syrian massacre 
3.6 	 AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks	AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks 
4.2 	 AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick	Redskins trade for No. 2 pick 
4 	 China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012	China's defence spending to rise 11.2% 
0 	 String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32	Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six 
3.8 	 Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum	Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum 
4.4 	 Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million	News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M 
3.8 	 US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant	US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief 
3.8 	 6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan 
0.8 	 Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed	Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India 
4 	 Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	Egyptians go to polls in historic election 
3.8 	 JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty	JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty 
2.2 	 Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic	Tsunami warning after Aceh quake 
4.8 	 US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities	U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control 
2 	 Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'	Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails 
0.4 	 Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties	Obama Secret Service agents sent home 
2 	 Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji	Blitzbokke beaten by NZ 
0.4 	 Obama and Romney focus on swing-states	Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls 
4 	 Trade newspaper Variety up for sale	Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale 
0.2 	 'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11	Sex attack on woman investigated 
1.8 	 Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer	Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert 
1.4 	 'Scores of bodies' found in Syria	Eight more bodies found on ship 
0.8 	 Shooter charged with murder of US black teen	Thoughts on race relations under a black president 
1.8 	 Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai	Bairstow hits ton in India tour match 
0.8 	 Australians flee homes amid floods	Australian speaker steps aside 
4.4 	 How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'	Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller 
2.4 	 US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials 
1.2 	 Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights 
1.6 	 UK spends 3m on foreign prisons	US spends $50m on carp invasion 
2.6 	 Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre	Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre 
2.2 	 Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout	Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout 
1.4 	 Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo	Heavy fighting reported in Damascus 
1.8 	 France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone	France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform 
1.2 	 Avengers sets box office record	The Hunger Games breaks US box office record 
1 	 4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan 
3.4 	 Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute	Spanish dilemma gets more acute 
0.6 	 NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan 
2.4 	 Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday	China stocks open lower Friday 
1 	 Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas	Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal 
4.8 	 Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary	Romney wins Maryland Republican primary 
3.6 	 Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen	Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen 
3.4 	 Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood	Sylvester Stallones son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol 
2.8 	 NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan 
1.8 	 Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years	Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial 
2 	 Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter	Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany 
4.4 	 Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem	Israel bars German author Grass over poem 
1.8 	 The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012 
2.4 	 NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians	U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians 
1.6 	 Hollande wins French presidential election	East Timor votes in presidential election 
4.8 	 Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges	Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges 
1.8 	 Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel	Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable 
3.6 	 Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade	Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade 
2 	 Syria peace plan conditions unacceptable, opposition says	Syria peace dashed as deadline passes 
1.4 	 Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears	Oil rises after Greek election result 
2.4 	 Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks	Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears 
2.4 	 9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche 
4.6 	 Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying	Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets 
1.2 	 China activist Chen lands in US	Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice 
3.2 	 City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building 
4.4 	 Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president 
3 	 British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan	Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan 
1 	 Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15	Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid 
1 	 Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30	Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six 
3 	 Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails	Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics 
0.6 	 Obama silent on China dissident	Obama to visit Korean DMZ 
2.8 	 Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound	Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout 
3.6 	 Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire	Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory 
3.8 	 House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill 
3.6 	 Prince Philip hospitalised in London	Britain's Prince Philip hospitalised, to miss jubilee 
1.4 	 Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba	Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam 
3.8 	 'Desperate Housewives' Actress Kathryn Joosten Dies	'Housewives' actress Kathryn Joosten dies at 72 
3 	 Gaza rockets lands in Ashkelon Coast area; none hurt	Rocket fired from Gaza damages home in Sderot; none hurt 
2.2 	 Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank	100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby 
2 	 Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan 
3 	 World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus	Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus 
4 	 Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies	Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86 
3.6 	 Egypt's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies	Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III 
2.4 	 World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline	Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline 
4.2 	 South Africa police shot dead 30 miners	South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners 
2.4 	 Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida	Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population 
1.2 	 Britain reaches out to Syria opposition	Who cares about the Syrian people? 
4.6 	 Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home	Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home 
4 	 Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano 
3.8 	 Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts	Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain 
3.6 	 'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years 
3.8 	 Mauritanian president shot by army unit	Mauritanian president shot at 
1.4 	 Syria hands over bodies of journalists	Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists 
4.6 	 Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial	Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial 
3.8 	 U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan	US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants 
5 	 9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa	9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement 
1.8 	 Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program	Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program 
4.4 	 EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran	EU plans major new sanctions against Iran 
3 	 Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report	Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA 
3 	 Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63	Donna Summer, the queen of disco 
2 	 Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria	Assad makes Red Cross pledge 
4 	 Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police	Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others 
2.6 	 At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes	180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes 
5 	 Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage	Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage 
0.6 	 Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep	Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case 
4.2 	 Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin claims victory in presidential vote 
1 	 Clinton ready to fight for Obama	Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow 
4.4 	 Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate 
2.2 	 European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue 
4.6 	 Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others	Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others 
4.2 	 Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban 
3 	 Gunman may have filmed school massacre	Killer may have filmed France school shooting 
1.6 	 Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%	Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher 
4.5 	 Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub	Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub 
0.8 	 Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base	Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church 
1 	 Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis	Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis 
1.2 	 Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker	Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers 
0.8 	 Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures	Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures 
1.6 	 Avengers sets box office record	'Hunger Games' sets box office records 
4.2 	 Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election 
0 	 Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing	German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling 
1.4 	 Putin casts ballot as Russians vote	Putin to win Russia's presidential election 
4.8 	 UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China	Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China 
4.4 	 Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross	Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross 
3.2 	 Libyans begin handing in weapons	Libyans transfer weapons to army 
2.4 	 British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge	Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts 
4.2 	 Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured	Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured 
4 	 George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin	George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says 
3.8 	 Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages	India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians 
2.8 	 Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	City Room: Empire State Building Shooting 
1 	 Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze 
2.4 	 Penn State football players react to sanctions	Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions 
0.5 	 Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike	Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster 
1 	 UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights	NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash 
3.2 	 Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding	Girl accused of burning Koran bailed 
2.4 	 Manchester United slashes price for US IPO	Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details 
1 	 Romney Wins Nevada Caucus	Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses 
3.2 	 Soggy solstice: Stonehenge gets soaking	Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain 
2.2 	 France warns Syria over chemical weapons use	U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons 
4.4 	 Life-threatening Midwest storms feared	'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest 
0.8 	 Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place	General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement 
1.4 	 Indonesian president to visit UK	Indonesian president to visit Australia 
3.4 	 ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns	ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention 
4.4 	 Storm delays start of Republican convention	Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention 
2.8 	 Freight train derails, catches fire in Columbus, Ohio	Freight train derailment, explosion prompts evacuation 
0.8 	 At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military	At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials 
2.6 	 President Mills must quit - Lecturer	President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany 
5 	 Miami Heat wins NBA Finals	Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship 
4.2 	 Japan closes last nuclear reactor	Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend 
1.2 	 Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus	Ryanair chief hails report findings 
4.4 	 Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary	Russian air force's 100th anniversary 
2.2 	 6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan 
3.2 	 China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China's yuan weakens against USD for third day 
3.4 	 Apple iPad mini makes debut	Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia 
1.6 	 Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney	Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests 
2.4 	 Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years 
3.4 	 ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank	ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved 
1.6 	 Teenager and father killed in crash	Three killed in horror crash are named 
4.2 	 6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia	6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS 
4.2 	 2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day	Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues 
1.8 	 Breivik complains of 'ridicule'	Breivik: Jail term 'ridiculous' 
0.6 	 Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection	Obama addresses Secret Service scandal 
1 	 Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster 
1.4 	 Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan	Syrian PM defects to Jordan 
1.2 	 Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)	Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return 
1.2 	 Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church 
0.6 	 Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners	Myanmar announces release of prisoners 
3.2 	 Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA	UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections 
0.2 	 Spain asks for bank rescue	Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissidents death 
1 	 East Timor votes in presidential election	Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election 
1.4 	 The murky waters of the South China Sea	Peace lies over the South China Sea 
0.6 	 Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan	Senior journalist killed in Pakistan 
3.8 	 SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?	SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station 
2.8 	 Romney rocked by secret video	Romney taped at secret donor talk 
4 	 'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS	Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS 
1.4 	 Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks	Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France 
1 	 Sensex down 193 points on budget blues	Romney won't volunteer budget differences 
3.6 	 Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn	Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent 
4 	 Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad	Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad 
1.6 	 Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials	Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials 
2.8 	 Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria	Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria' 
1.6 	 KL shares higher at mid-afternoon	KL shares lower at mid-morning 
2.4 	 Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute	Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike 
0.8 	 Presidential vote polarises Egyptians	GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races 
1.8 	 Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan 
0.4 	 Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8	Rodney King death ruled accidental 
0.8 	 Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack 
3.4 	 Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $125 billion	Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros 
3.6 	 Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded 
3.8 	 Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid	Afghans, US sign deal on night raids 
1.6 	 China mine accident kills 10	China truck accident kills 20 
0.4 	 Australia can eclipse England in Windies	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership 
3.4 	 Protests at Pussy Riot verdict	Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance 
2.2 	 Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes	Secret Service sex scandal 'regret' 
3.4 	 Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured	Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait 
3.4 	 Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland	Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip 
2.2 	 Key says marae visit a lost opportunity	Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay 
3.8 	 Norway marks anniversary of massacre	Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre 
4.6 	 South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low	S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low 
0 	 Woman killed by falling debris	When an ally declines 
1 	 Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut	RBA delivers another rate cut 
2.6 	 Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms	Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms 
0.8 	 Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker	Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike 
3.2 	 Obama to meet families of shooting victims	Obama to meet Batman gun victims 
1 	 Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll	Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll 
3.8 	 Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings 
1.4 	 Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting	Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting 
3.4 	 What the Pope's butler saw  aide arrested over Vatican leaks	Popes butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks 
3.8 	 Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow	Anti-Putin protesters form human chain 
1.6 	 Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate	Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse 
2.6 	 Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M	George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m 
4.4 	 Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start	Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start 
3.4 	 Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'	US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings 
3.6 	 U.N. to take up Syria resolution	UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution 
4.4 	 Soldier 'can't recall' massacre	US soldier doesnt recall massacre 
4.4 	 Not a good beginning: Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin	French President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin 
1.2 	 Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original	Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM 
3.8 	 4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan 
2.5 	 Syrian forces storm central town	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war 
2.2 	 Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests	25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan 
1.8 	 Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks	Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death 
3.6 	 N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill	North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan 
1.4 	 A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl	Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl 
3.6 	 One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics 
1 	 Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis	What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide 
3.6 	 Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash	Four injured in motorway crash 
2 	 UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent	Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says 
1 	 Dozens killed in Nigerian riots	Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes 
1.2 	 Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates	Second day of Egyptian presidential election 
4.4 	 Actor Gazzara dead at 81	Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81 
0.6 	 British gold rush silences gripes over cost	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack 
4.6 	 Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers	Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers 
4.6 	 Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say	Inflation falls to 15-month low 
3 	 Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding	Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut 
2.2 	 Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012	Forex & Gold 19 July 2012 
4.8 	 Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers	Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers 
2.8 	 Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue	Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive' 
4.2 	 Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California	USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California 
3.6 	 BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn 
3.6 	 300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police	UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge 
0.8 	 Romney leads rivals, not Obama, in fundraising	Romney: I left all management of Bain in 1999 
4.6 	 Armstrong steps down from Livestrong	Armstrong standing down from Livestrong 
1.8 	 US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen 
1 	 9/11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing	Sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing 
1 	 Syrian govt wont stop attacks	Syrian opposition reports 'massacre' 
4.6 	 Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday 
3.2 	 Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win	Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win 
1 	 Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals	Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans 
1.2 	 Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan	4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east 
3.4 	 Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops	Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier 
1 	 New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid	Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots 
3.8 	 Cheap generics no panacea for Indias poorest	Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest 
2.6 	 Egyptians vote to pick president for first time	Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results 
0.8 	 South Africa mine clash kills at least 30	South Africa train crash kills 26 
2.6 	 Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks 
4.2 	 Egypt presidential election results delayed	Egyptian election result delayed 
1.6 	 Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions	EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions 
0.8 	 Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot	Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest 
2.8 	 Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims	Norway marks anniversary of massacre 
3.8 	 US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal	Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal 
4.5 	 'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president	Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president 
2 	 Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14	Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday 
2.2 	 HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria	Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria 
2.8 	 NKorea makes "significant" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA	N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent 
3.4 	 Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests	Maldives president quits after weeks of protest 
0.8 	 NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan 
1.4 	 Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle	Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen 
3.4 	 Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings 
0.8 	 China stocks open higher Wednesday	US stocks open higher despite GDP miss 
0 	 IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel	Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains 
3 	 4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan	U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan 
3.4 	 US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot	Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot 
0.2 	 PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'	David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour 
4.4 	 Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo	Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo 
0 	 20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India	Commerce secretary to take leave of absence 
4.2 	 Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA	Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home 
2 	 Wall Street Opens Lower	Wall Street Ends Mixed 
4.4 	 Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants	Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants 
0.8 	 Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen	Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus 
4 	 Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold	Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold 
4.4 	 Stock index futures point to lower start	Stock index futures signal early losses 
1.4 	 Man charged after MP hurt in attack	Man charged with murder in flat 
1 	 Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks open lower Friday 
0 	 Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad	US waives riders for Pak aid 
3 	 US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan 
4.4 	 Syria rebels leave besieged Homs	Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district 
4 	 U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia	US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan 
4.6 	 Egypt's Mubarak critical	Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition 
2.6 	 Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power	Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power 
2.2 	 Romney, Obama clash on tax, economy in first debate	Obama and Romney take stage for first debate 
3.33333333333333 	 Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest	Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising 
1 	 Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote	Complaints in Russian election mount 
0 	 Japan PM dissolves lower house for election	Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks 
2 	 Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel 
3.2 	 Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six	Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt 
3.2 	 One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan 
4.2 	 Spain jobless rate hits new high	Spain's jobless claims hit new high 
2.6 	 Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police	Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen 
3.6 	 Turkey scrambles jets near border	Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border 
1.4 	 Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case	Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case 
0 	 Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land	Two year doping ban for Contador 
2.8 	 Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair	The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair 
1 	 Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO	Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO 
4 	 Malawi confirms president's death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death 
1.2 	 Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	China rocked by twin earthquakes 
2.8 	 Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess	Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging 
4 	 Libya postpones assembly election to July 7	Libya postpones landmark election to July 7 
4.4 	 Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid	Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid 
0.8 	 Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus	Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey 
4.4 	 German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal	German parliament endorses Greek bailout 
3.4 	 Bombings, clashes continue in Syria	Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms 
4.2 	 London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'	London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle 
2.4 	 Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions	Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions 
0.2 	 Usain Bolt wins 200m  Steven Howard reaction	Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction 
0.4 	 Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack	'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack' 
3.8 	 Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll	Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents 
2.8 	 China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday 
1.4 	 7 dead in Christian school shooting	5 wounded in Ohio school shooting 
3.2 	 Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali 
4 	 US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term	Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call 
3.2 	 Armenians vote in parliamentary elections	Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president 
3.8 	 Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material	Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy' 
3.8 	 Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday	Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran 
3.2 	 Venezuela's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment	Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment 
1.6 	 Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator	MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow 
0 	 Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter	Bests great day brings West Indies cheer 
3.6 	 Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings 
1.5 	 Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary	Romney wins Illinois primary 
4.2 	 Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report	Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO 
2 	 US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer	US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified 
1.6 	 6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS	5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS 
4.4 	 US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists	US designates Haqqani network as terrorists 
3 	 Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button boasts best time after first practice 
4.8 	 Rangers voted into Division Three	Rangers voted into third division 
1.8 	 Syria in ceasefire observers call	Syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm 
4.2 	 Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house 
0 	 Spurs get revenge on Lakers, lead West	Abduct Israelis to free prisoners, Gaza leaders say 
2.25 	 F1 protests in Bahrain	A day of rage in Bahrain 
3 	 New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday	DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open 
2.6 	 China's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July	China's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July 
2.6 	 Homs mortar fire kills 105	Homs offensive kills 200 
2 	 Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting	Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim 
3 	 Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50	Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340 
0.2 	 US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions	Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president 
0.4 	 Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'	French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands' 
1.8 	 2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries	10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council 
0.6 	 'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures	May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts 
4 	 DR Congo rebels kill park rangers	Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo 
0.8 	 Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead 
3.2 	 74 dead in Egypt soccer violence	At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion 
0.2 	 Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead	Southwest China quakes kill at least 50 
3 	 Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC	Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica 
2.75 	 Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel, 3 hurt: police	Gazans fire four rockets into Israel; no injuries 
1.5 	 Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting	Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba 
3.2 	 Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S.	Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative 
2.4 	 Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel	Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers 
1.2 	 Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets	Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto 
0.8 	 measure the depth of a body of water	any large deep body of water. 
3 	 someone who plays a principal role	an actor who plays a principal role. 
3.8 	 (cause to) come to rest on a surface	reach or come to rest. 
2.2 	 the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of choosing or selecting. 
3.8 	 alphanumeric sequence used for identification	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification. 
2.6 	 a state of being elevated or raised	the event of something being raised upward. 
0.6 	 the act of lifting something	the act of climbing something. 
0.2 	 Bind or join (as if) with cement.	shine intensely, as if with heat. 
1 	 (finally) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere. 
3.2 	 a point, as the op part of a compass arrow	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer. 
0.4 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
4 	 coerce by violence, fill with terror	coerce by violence or with threats. 
1.6 	 cause to move, cause to be moved	cease to operate or cause to cease operating. 
0 	 the uppermost area of region of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
0 	 the foremost part of something	have flavor; taste of something. 
4.4 	 behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner. 
3 	 a reproduction or physical representation of something	a visual representation of something. 
1.6 	 a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	a specialized division of a large organization. 
4.6 	 the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	a person who is appointed to a job or position. 
4.2 	 Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of. 
3.4 	 a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water. 
0.2 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of cracking something. 
0.6 	 Cut into, possibly creating something new.	the act of cracking something. 
2.4 	 the act of choosing among alternatives	the act of changing one thing for another thing. 
0.8 	 The act of testing something.	the act of breaking something. 
4 	 the state of being in contact	the state of being connected. 
0 	 giving a reference or citation of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something. 
3.8 	 Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity. 
0.2 	 the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	a surface forming part of the outside of an object. 
4 	 a feeling or state of contentment, relief	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain. 
4.2 	 Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center. 
2 	 place into the ground for growing	place or put on the ground. 
0.8 	 an approximated amount of something	a visual representation of something. 
4.4 	 stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation. 
0.8 	 the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of projecting out from something. 
4.2 	 Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words). 
0.6 	 The state of being suspected.	the state of being excluded. 
0 	 The act of providing approval and support.	the act of having and controlling property. 
4.8 	 Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.	relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn. 
0 	 a side or surface of something	a brief experience of something. 
1.4 	 utter in a certain way	appear in a certain way. 
3 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	turning or twisting around (in place). 
4 	 (Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	increase in extent or intensity. 
0.4 	 the legal state of owing money	the verbal act of offering. 
4.6 	 make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to. 
1 	 The act of beginning something new.	the act of hiring something or someone. 
4.2 	 printed version of electronic data from a computer	(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper. 
5 	 Limit in quantity or quality.	limit in quality or quantity. 
3.5 	 search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost. 
2.25 	 the act of surrendering or losing something of value	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
4.8 	 The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture. 
4.4 	 Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth. 
0 	 the natural progression or development of something	the act or means of getting rid of something. 
0 	 the act of lifting something	the act of describing something. 
0 	 an explanation or alibi for something	an opinion formed by judging something. 
4.8 	 recover, return to former state	return to a former condition. 
3.6 	 Act without permission or with too much confidence.	take liberties or act with too much confidence. 
0.75 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of testing something. 
0 	 become the owner or posessor of something	make a film or photograph of something. 
0.4 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of rejecting something. 
0.4 	 the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of testing something. 
0.4 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
0.4 	 the act or means of getting rid of something.	the physical position of something. 
0.4 	 the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the popular taste at a given time. 
0 	 a distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something. 
0 	 cause to have an odor	cause to become alive again. 
3.6 	 fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops. 
0.6 	 the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of testing something. 
3.8 	 keep from being seen or perceived by others	hold back; keep from being perceived by others. 
3.4 	 a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting. 
0.8 	 the act of lifting something	the act of retaining something. 
0.8 	 the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of chipping something. 
4.5 	 smell by inhaling through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose. 
0.8 	 the conclusion of a communication	the intended meaning of a communication. 
3.8 	 (cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint	cause to adopt a new or different faith. 
1.2 	 (cause to) become less intense or strict	cause to become violent or angry. 
0.2 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing someone or something. 
4 	 narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	a short account of the news. 
3.8 	 Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks. 
1.2 	 the act of shoving something away	the act of raising something. 
4.6 	 decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim. 
3.8 	 make noise like bad engine	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants. 
4.8 	 be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact. 
1 	 the quality of being dependable	the quality of being of practical use. 
3.4 	 Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.	arrange a program of or for. 
1.4 	 express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	give an interpretation or rendition of. 
0 	 the quality of being dependable	the act of dwelling in a place. 
3.8 	 a store or supply of something	a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms). 
2.6 	 suggest or prescribe a solution	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine. 
0.6 	 person who manages money in board games	a person who is in charge. 
0.6 	 the act of rubbing a surface	the act of dragging (pulling with force). 
0.6 	 The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting. 
1.2 	 the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance. 
0.4 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of forcing out someone or something. 
0 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of winding or twisting. 
4.4 	 Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition. 
1.4 	 Travel (as if) through water.	move as if through a sieve. 
4 	 administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions. 
4.8 	 Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	to wind or move in a spiral course. 
4 	 Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	induce into action by using one's charm. 
4.6 	 connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits. 
4.6 	 hold or embrace in a tight grip	hold in a tight grasp. 
2.6 	 the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time. 
0.2 	 the foremost part of something	the lower part of anything. 
0.2 	 The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	the act of liberating someone or something. 
2 	 the act of planning or deliberating	the action of putting something into operation. 
0 	 be located at or on top of something	cause (someone) to undergo something. 
0 	 the scent or odor of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
3.4 	 (Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	make a dry crackling sound. 
4.2 	 fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum. 
1.2 	 The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group. 
0.2 	 the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of applying paint to a surface. 
4.2 	 a natural growth of plants, usually trees	a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area. 
0.2 	 the act of planning or deliberating	the act of cracking something. 
0.4 	 the physical expanse of the universe	the physical position of something. 
4.2 	 a boundary area or edge of something	a boundary marking the extremities of something. 
3.4 	 reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress. 
0.4 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting. 
4 	 to argue or plead in favor of	argue or speak in defense of. 
2.2 	 support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	cause to happen or be responsible for. 
2.8 	 take or capture by force or authority	to put down by force or authority. 
0.6 	 (cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	cause to march or go at a marching pace. 
0.75 	 the act of rending, tearing, ripping	the act of reducing the amount or number. 
4.8 	 Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles. 
2.8 	 (the content of) a communication.	the last section of a communication. 
0 	 The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	the act of indicating or pointing out by name. 
0 	 the act of pressing together firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body. 
0.6 	 The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	the condition of being motivated. 
0.4 	 move to a lower position, terminate something	lower the pitch of (musical notes). 
0.4 	 the act of pulling a load	the act of making a proposal. 
0.4 	 (cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully. 
0.8 	 The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident. 
1 	 make or become more acute or intense	make ready for action or use. 
4 	 the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of breaking something. 
1.6 	 the extreme endpoint of something	get the meaning of something. 
2.4 	 Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive. 
4.6 	 any cause or source of great suffering	any affliction that causes great suffering. 
2.2 	 the act of moving, turning something	the act of drawing or hauling something. 
3.8 	 To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached. 
0.4 	 The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being rejected. 
0.2 	 the height of the sea's surface	the solid part of the earth's surface. 
1.4 	 The act of testing something.	the act of starting something. 
4.6 	 cover with a primer base	cover with a primer; apply a primer to. 
3.8 	 discover a logical or causal connection; associate	make a logical or causal connection. 
0.2 	 Rewrite in a different script.	extend in a different direction. 
0.6 	 the act of reasoning, cogitation	the act of beginning something new. 
0.4 	 the act of giving a speech	the act of giving a false appearance. 
0.4 	 be located at or on top of something	observe or plot the moving path of something. 
0.2 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of breaking something. 
0 	 the scent or odor of something	have a disagreement over something. 
4.2 	 Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action. 
0.2 	 the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of cutting something into parts. 
3.4 	 tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.	give surety or assume responsibility. 
5 	 move from one location to another	move from one place to another. 
0.4 	 The act of testing something.	the act of dropping something. 
2.8 	 Give a performative affectation to (something).	give a performance (of something). 
4 	 a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity. 
3.8 	 Turn the paddle or oar.	turn the paddle; in canoeing. 
0.2 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of drawing or hauling something. 
4.6 	 the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication. 
0.6 	 An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	the relation of comprising something. 
4.4 	 be a reason, cause, or justification of	serve as a reason or cause or justification of. 
2.6 	 retreat or move from a position, relocate	remove from a position or office. 
3.8 	 The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new. 
0.4 	 an instance of halting some motion	the act of starting something. 
1 	 (cause to) gradually become weak	cause to become widely known. 
3.2 	 a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose. 
4.8 	 The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.	the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.). 
0.6 	 the uppermost area of region of something	exclusive control or possession of something. 
3.2 	 take something or someone away from somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere. 
0.6 	 energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of bills or coins. 
0 	 a state of exposure to harm	a state of extreme poverty. 
1.4 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of attaching or affixing something. 
0.4 	 The act of testing something.	the act of rejecting something. 
3.2 	 have a strong desire to do something	have a wish or desire to know something. 
1.8 	 take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution. 
0.2 	 the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something. 
2.4 	 pronounce with a nasal twang	pronounce with an initial sibilant. 
4 	 an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade (as in a road). 
1 	 an allotment or percentage of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something. 
3.6 	 Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly. 
4.4 	 Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something. 
0.6 	 the act of shoving something away	the act of starting something. 
0 	 an explanation or alibi for something	an obligation to pay or do something. 
4.2 	 incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position. 
4.4 	 Preserve in a tin or jar.	preserve in a can or tin. 
1 	 behave or move in a certain manner	dress in a certain manner. 
0.8 	 The act of testing something.	the act of raising something. 
4.4 	 give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for. 
4.2 	 The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money. 
0.2 	 The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of drawing or hauling something. 
0.4 	 the act of planning or deliberating	the act of becoming more distant. 
0 	 The act of testing something.	the act of retaining something. 
4.8 	 12th month of the calendar year	the last (12th) month of the year. 
0 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the activity of protecting someone or something. 
0.4 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone. 
3.8 	 a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation. 
4.6 	 get involved with or mixed up	get involved or mixed-up with. 
2.6 	 gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number). 
3.2 	 a fast rate or occurrence of something	a brief experience of something. 
0 	 the act of lifting something	the act of chipping something. 
4.4 	 (cause to) become even or level	make even or more even. 
4.2 	 Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective. 
0.2 	 Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an interpretation or rendition of. 
4 	 hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground. 
0 	 the act or means of getting rid of something.	the state of being unsure of something. 
0 	 the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the action of putting something into operation. 
3.8 	 Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply. 
3.8 	 A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc.. 
4.2 	 the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something. 
4.2 	 a retail store with merchandise for sale	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services. 
4 	 twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain. 
4.2 	 resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ. 
0.2 	 be a factor or play a role in something	the act of stopping something. 
4.8 	 the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace. 
1 	 request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone. 
0.8 	 the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of forming or establishing something. 
3.2 	 Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	support on the back and shoulders. 
3.8 	 oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force. 
0.4 	 the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	the quality of not being useful or convenient. 
4.8 	 the quality of being important, worthy of attention	the quality of being important and worthy of note. 
3.6 	 attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner). 
4.4 	 the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	change toward something smaller or lower. 
0.2 	 a visual characterization of something	a chance to do something. 
3 	 put in a particular place or abstract location	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation. 
0.4 	 the action of extending outwards	the trait of wasting resources. 
0.2 	 the consequence or aftermath of something	have flavor; taste of something. 
3.6 	 (Cause to) increase in anxiety.	cause to run in panic. 
0 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
1.4 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of forming or establishing something. 
3.6 	 turn on an axis; spin	cause to turn on an axis or center. 
3.8 	 PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	set into opposition or rivalry. 
1 	 the processing or operation of something	the physical position of something. 
0.4 	 the act of pulling a load	the act of hearing attentively. 
0.6 	 the act of explaining or defending something	the act of designating or identifying something. 
0 	 come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	the act of liberating someone or something. 
0.6 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of dropping something. 
2.8 	 social or economic downfall of someone or a group	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation. 
1.6 	 the primary component of a communication	the last section of a communication. 
4.2 	 the process of becoming less or smaller	process or result of becoming less or smaller. 
4.2 	 the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication. 
4.2 	 Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading. 
0 	 the act or capability of seeing	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated. 
0.8 	 the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of damaging something or someone. 
3.2 	 give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation. 
0.8 	 The state of being suspected.	the state of being rejected. 
4.2 	 The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life. 
3 	 a military aircraft that drops ordinance	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight. 
0 	 the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of liberating someone or something. 
4.6 	 accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions. 
3.6 	 the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level. 
0.6 	 The human act of making something new.	the act of cracking something. 
0 	 Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.	maintain with or as if with a bet. 
0.2 	 the act of lifting something	the act of stopping something. 
3.8 	 rein in a horse to lose a race	rein in to keep from winning a race. 
1.4 	 (cause to) come to rest on a surface	cause to come out in a squirt. 
1.8 	 provide or supply with water	cover or swamp with water. 
5 	 Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained. 
4.4 	 contain or have a specific wording or information	have or contain a certain wording or form. 
4.8 	 a channel of social communication	a channel for communication between groups. 
4.2 	 Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	lengthen or extend in duration or space. 
3.4 	 a rank or position relative to others	take or have a position relative to others. 
0 	 the uppermost area of region of something	the act of dropping something. 
0.2 	 the apparent condition or state of something	the act of losing someone or something. 
4.66666666666667 	 burn slightly to affect color	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color. 
3.2 	 a general trait or characteristic of something	give certain properties to something. 
2.8 	 position in football played by a team member	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage. 
2 	 The act of arranging elements together.	the act of fastening things together. 
4 	 cause a sharp or stinging pain to	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort. 
0.8 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of dropping something. 
4.2 	 incite action, cause an event	serve as the inciting cause of. 
3.6 	 come up, as of liquid or gas	come up, as of a liquid. 
4.4 	 (Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease. 
4.2 	 adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	adapt to a specified measurement. 
2.4 	 anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique	alternative names for the body of a human being. 
3.2 	 cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct. 
5 	 make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue. 
2 	 remove to or from a place or situation	break from a meeting or gathering. 
1.2 	 the act of lifting something	the act of ending something. 
0.2 	 a happening or incident of human significance	a special set of circumstances. 
3.8 	 protect with or as if with a shield	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm. 
4.8 	 basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan	the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan. 
0.4 	 the act of lifting something	the act of cracking something. 
4.4 	 (cause to) move gently back and forth	cause to move back and forth. 
1.2 	 the state of being in contact	the state of being active. 
0.4 	 The act of testing something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
0.2 	 the act of explaining or defending something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting. 
4.6 	 Understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something. 
4.6 	 take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome. 
0.2 	 the act of annoying someone or something	the act of applying force to propel something. 
4.6 	 change (dramatically) between high and low values	alternate dramatically between high and low values. 
2.4 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something. 
0.4 	 (cause to) be anxious or preoccupied	cause to be balanced or suspended. 
4.2 	 design for a specific purpose	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect. 
2.6 	 to combat or oppose someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something. 
2.2 	 (Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense. 
4.2 	 a mental grasp or understanding of something	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something. 
4.6 	 do something considered below one's diginty	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity. 
4.2 	 (game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).	(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive. 
4.2 	 the act of cutting off length, snipping off	the act of clipping or snipping. 
3.8 	 a sovereign regime and its assemblage	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state. 
0.75 	 the act of annoying someone or something	the act of raising something. 
0.4 	 the extreme endpoint of something	the act or means of getting rid of something. 
2.6 	 be or have a quality of being	the quality of being significant. 
4.4 	 Improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing. 
0 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something. 
4.4 	 register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member. 
4 	 a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun. 
0.8 	 The act of beginning something new.	the act of ending something. 
0.2 	 the act of annoying someone or something	the act of liberating someone or something. 
0.6 	 Cut into, possibly creating something new.	a reason for wanting something done. 
3.6 	 a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth. 
0.2 	 come up, as of liquid or gas	take up, as of debts or payments. 
0.4 	 cause to be immersed in	cause to be hanging or suspended. 
3.75 	 the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing. 
0.6 	 The act of testing something.	a way or means to achieve something. 
0.8 	 the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of liberating someone or something. 
3.8 	 amount of time that something is postponed	time during which some action is awaited. 
3.8 	 reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action). 
4.4 	 An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	an established or recognized right. 
0.2 	 the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of forming or establishing something. 
4.6 	 the occupants who dwell on a level of a building	the occupants of a floor. 
3 	 a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem. 
0 	 cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick	cover with flakes or as if with flakes. 
0.4 	 an observer of a process or activity	a member of a police force. 
4 	 an address used for postal communication	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with. 
4 	 Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts. 
2.8 	 spare in quality or quantity	limit in quality or quantity. 
0.2 	 the act of shoving something away	the act of hiring something or someone. 
1.8 	 the apparent condition or state of something	the event consisting of the start of something. 
4 	 engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface. 
0.6 	 something considered trite but amusing	something recalled to the mind. 
1.6 	 the act of lifting something	the act of constructing something. 
3.8 	 concrete enactment of an idea or concept	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept. 
0.8 	 raise or haul up as if with a mechanism	affect with or as if with a cramp. 
4 	 (Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.	become liquid or fluid when heated. 
1 	 (The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of making up your mind about something. 
3.2 	 a duplicate of something, serving as a backup	something additional of the same kind. 
0.4 	 (The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of removing or getting rid of something. 
4.2 	 react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command. 
4.4 	 club or association of people with a shared interest	a formal association of people with similar interests. 
4.4 	 free from obligations, service or confinement	free from obligations or duties. 
0 	 the degree or amount of something	the act of dropping something. 
1.4 	 the act of arriving at a certain place	the act of putting something in a certain place. 
3.4 	 medium of exchange minted by a government	the official currency issued by a government or national bank. 
4.8 	 advance or set forward in court	advance or set forth in court. 
4 	 make a written note of something	make a written note of. 
0.2 	 the act of explaining or defending something	the allotment of some amount by dividing something. 
3.8 	 a citizen of ancient Troy	a native of ancient Troy. 
0 	 The act of testing something.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something. 
0 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of terminating a life. 
3.6 	 The act of moving in a hurried manner.	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner. 
0.2 	 the act of clipping, cutting	the act of describing something. 
4.2 	 Physically raise from a lower position.	raise from a lower to a higher position. 
0.2 	 the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of retaining something. 
4.6 	 an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time. 
0.6 	 advance warning or notification of something	the first part or section of something. 
0.6 	 the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of constructing something. 
3.8 	 Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams. 
0.4 	 smother, surpress or lessen something	the act of testing something. 
1.8 	 cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious. 
0.6 	 The human act of making something new.	the act of making or enacting laws. 
4.4 	 The intended meaning of an instance of communication.	the intended meaning of a communication. 
4.4 	 be given to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of. 
1.2 	 utter in a certain way	react to in a certain way. 
1.6 	 have or be covered with bristles	the state of being covered with unclean things. 
1.8 	 the act of planning or deliberating	the act of choosing or selecting. 
0 	 be located at or on top of something	make a film or photograph of something. 
0.4 	 be in or establish communication with	move or establish in a new location. 
4.8 	 Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions. 
0 	 be located at or on top of something	an obligation to pay or do something. 
2.4 	 a collection of something, often a large amount	a collection of things sharing a common attribute. 
0 	 whip with or as if with a whisk	urge with or as if with a goad. 
4.4 	 dysfunction or ailment of the heart	a disease of the heart. 
3.8 	 decorate a manuscript with red	decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red. 
0.6 	 the act of devoting time and energy to something	the act of liberating someone or something. 
3.6 	 verify something by comparing to a standard	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard. 
4.6 	 Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with. 
4 	 put heels on a shoe	put a new heel on. 
0.8 	 the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something. 
2.4 	 make images or sounds less sharp	make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper. 
4.4 	 Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth. 
3.2 	 measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line. 
4.4 	 give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of. 
3 	 a recurrent artistic theme or pattern	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music. 
0.8 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing. 
4.8 	 have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something. 
0.2 	 The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.	the act of removing or getting rid of something. 
3.6 	 person who is a social companion	a friend who is frequently in the company of another. 
4.6 	 hold or place in equilibrium	hold or carry in equilibrium. 
0.4 	 the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the management of someone or something. 
3.8 	 work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)	work as a tinker or tinkerer. 
0.6 	 the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of forming or establishing something. 
5 	 the termination, ending of a meeting	the termination of a meeting. 
4 	 scratch or scrape with claws or nails	attack as if with claws. 
3.8 	 a social occasion, often official or formal	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony. 
4.2 	 infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case. 
4 	 move in such a way as to avoid	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid. 
0 	 The state of being absent.	the act of climbing something. 
4.4 	 remove by pinching or snipping	sever or remove by pinching or snipping. 
0 	 (Cause to) become a powder or as dust.	cause to become widely known. 
2 	 prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose	any area set aside for a particular purpose. 
0.2 	 the act of people having sex	the act of climbing something. 
0.2 	 to lecture formally to an audience	accuse formally of a crime. 
2.8 	 the act of creating an artistic work	the act of creating written works. 
0.6 	 the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded. 
3.8 	 collect discarded, refused or damaged material	collect discarded or refused material. 
4 	 an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	a business firm that publishes newspapers. 
4 	 the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of motivating; providing incentive. 
2.2 	 the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of examining resemblances. 
3.8 	 Make marks in the surface of.	make small marks into the surface of. 
0 	 Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	take up with the tongue. 
0.4 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of clipping or snipping. 
1.2 	 spare in quality or quantity	be equal to in quality or ability. 
5 	 return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something. 
0 	 The act of testing something.	the act of climbing something. 
4.4 	 manner of handling, managing someone or something	the management of someone or something. 
1 	 the act of selecting or picking something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
4.2 	 LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity	put an end to a state or an activity. 
3.8 	 move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position. 
2.8 	 Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.	emit a steady even light without flames. 
0.2 	 The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of starting something. 
0.2 	 reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something	an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone. 
3.8 	 a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft. 
0.2 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the state of taking in or encircling. 
3.8 	 a person who plants or detonates explosives	a person who plants bombs. 
4.2 	 make fit for a specific purpose	suit to a special purpose. 
3.8 	 strike with horror, surprise, disgust	strike with horror or terror. 
2.2 	 have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else	establish something as being earlier relative to something else. 
3.4 	 A state of confusion or disorder.	throw into great confusion or disorder. 
4 	 a public enclosure for animals, as dogs	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs. 
4.8 	 a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place. 
1.8 	 the natural progression or development of something	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something. 
0.8 	 the act of pulling an object	the act of choosing or selecting. 
4.4 	 A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors. 
1.2 	 The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of retaining something. 
1.2 	 Cook in cream or using cream.	add cream to one's coffee, for example. 
0.6 	 a negative or undesirable aspect of something	consider as part of something. 
4.6 	 gear or develop something to a particular purpose	suit to a special purpose. 
0.6 	 identify or pick out someone or something	the act of losing someone or something. 
0.2 	 a state of being encircled	the state of being depleted. 
4.4 	 read or conform to the metrical pattern of	conform to a metrical pattern. 
1.4 	 a major branch of a tree	a small thin branch of a tree. 
0.8 	 the act of lifting something	the act of starting something. 
4.8 	 (Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.	make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating. 
4.4 	 form schemes in an underhand manner	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner. 
1 	 identify or pick out someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something. 
3 	 the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed. 
4 	 Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.	walk as if unable to control one's movements. 
3.8 	 arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary	something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary). 
4 	 make fit for a specific purpose	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose. 
0.6 	 the act of lifting something	the act of winding or twisting. 
1.6 	 cause to move, cause to be moved	cause to lean to the side. 
1.8 	 an indication of something, evidence	an indication of some hidden activity. 
0.6 	 The state of being absent.	the state of being suspected. 
4 	 (cause to) break up or cease to function	stop functioning or cohering as a unit. 
0 	 the selection of a lottery winner	the last section of a communication. 
2 	 being in a protected state or condition	be in some specified state or condition. 
4.2 	 the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of escaping physically. 
4 	 build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts. 
0.6 	 Create a coating for something.	give a performance (of something). 
0 	 Create a coating for something.	the act of projecting out from something. 
4.8 	 restrict or limit the range of	limit the range or extent of. 
0.2 	 the act of annoying someone or something	the act of dropping something. 
0 	 the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of perceiving the odor of something. 
1.8 	 the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of hiring something or someone. 
3.2 	 an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position	the justification for some act or belief. 
5 	 presentation of a musical theme	(music) the presentation of a musical theme. 
2.8 	  cause or permit to fall to the ground	let or cause to fall in drops. 
4.4 	 move or sway in a sinuous fashion	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course. 
2.6 	 sell or transport an item or idea abroad	cause to spread in another part of the world. 
0.8 	 the act of taking an offer	the act of making a proposal. 
2.6 	 a group of people appointed to a committee	a committee appointed to judge a competition. 
1.4 	 intuitions, a hunch or feeling	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings). 
3.4 	 situate, position, come to rest	settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground. 
3.8 	 Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping. 
0 	 the act of lifting something	the act of damaging something or someone. 
4.4 	 Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.	form the boundary of; be contiguous to. 
3 	 the value of a currency's conversion to another currency	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another. 
3.8 	 the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles. 
0.8 	 the act of lifting something	the act of testing something. 
0.4 	 the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of retaining something. 
0 	 people who are impoverished, without basic possessions	two people who are married to each other. 
0.4 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	give certain properties to something. 
0.2 	 the act of explaining or defending something	the activity of supplying or providing something. 
4.4 	 the act of lifting something	the act of raising something. 
1.6 	 confine in or as if in a prison	enclose in or as if in a frame. 
3.2 	 Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	make believe with the intent to deceive. 
4.2 	 the act of sorting things into categories	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type. 
4 	 Fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane. 
1.4 	 the act of choosing or selecting	the act of testing something. 
4.6 	 open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups. 
4.2 	 Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch. 
4 	 the center region of an object	the center of an object. 
2.8 	 an approximated amount of something	an appraisal of the value of something. 
3.6 	 cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.	form a carpet-like cover (over). 
4.2 	 room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done. 
0.6 	 the act of shoving something away	the act of testing something. 
3.6 	 take possession of by legal authority (for security).	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority. 
0.2 	 hand over or put in	refer for judgment or consideration. 
2.4 	 cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another. 
0 	 the act of pulling a load	the act of dwelling in a place. 
0.2 	 the act of annoying someone or something	the act of projecting out from something. 
1 	 The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of projecting out from something. 
3.6 	 turn from an upright/normal position	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position. 
0.2 	 the act of lifting something	the act of dropping something. 
1 	 the identification or the realization of something	the end or completion of something. 
0.6 	 the act of concealing or disguising	the act of projecting out from something. 
3.8 	 A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention. 
4.6 	 the central area of an object	the center of an object. 
0.6 	 the act of lifting something	the act of colliding with something. 
0.4 	 the act of lifting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something. 
0.4 	 the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of stopping something. 
0.6 	 the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something. 
4 	 Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste. 
4.2 	 Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	be a sign or indication of. 
4.4 	 the general impression or appearance of something	the general outward appearance of something. 
4.8 	 know, realize, and comprehend the meaning	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of. 
4 	 Make or create something for a specific function.	make something, usually for a specific function. 
3 	 get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)	get rid of as if by submerging. 
0.6 	 the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of choosing or selecting. 
4.4 	 change or conform to fit new or different conditions	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions. 
0 	 the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of troubling or annoying someone. 
4 	 a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal. 
4 	 support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	organize or be responsible for. 
3.2 	 strive against another or others to attain a goal	compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others. 
0.6 	 The act of testing something.	the act of cracking something. 
1.6 	 Gather or remove (from a location) for use.	remove from a position or office. 
0.2 	 the act of directing attention, resources to something	the act of colliding with something. 
4 	 Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	ride on someone's shoulders or back. 
3.4 	 the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of mixing together. 
3.2 	 a solid 3D object with rectangular sides	a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides). 
0.2 	 the translation of an opus from one language to another	the act of moving from one place to another. 
0 	 the act of annoying someone or something	the act of admitting someone to enter. 
4.4 	 Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose. 
4.25 	 a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience	an entertainer who attracts large audiences. 
4 	 Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.	dispose of (something useless or old). 
0.4 	 The state of being absent.	the state of being excommunicated. 
3.6 	 rise to surface; become visible or known	appear or become visible; make a showing. 
0 	 overcome with astonishment or disbelief	correct by punishment or discipline. 
3.8 	 lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken	lessen in force or effect. 
0 	 the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of climbing something. 
2.2 	 the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something. 
4.6 	 a list of items to be consulted and marked off	a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted. 
0.6 	 The act of testing something.	the act of stopping something. 
3.2 	 the act of damaging something, causing breakage	the act of damaging something or someone. 
4.6 	 put in a particular place or abstract location	put into a certain place or abstract location. 
4.4 	 the act of perceiving a scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something. 
1.8 	 the act of providing assistance, giving aid	the act of administering medication. 
4.6 	 lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect. 
1.4 	 cover with wooden boards; secure	get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.). 
0 	 the act of explaining or defending something	the act of removing or getting rid of something. 
3.8 	 a lid or top of a container	covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container). 
4.6 	 (cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions. 
2.4 	 cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern. 
0.8 	 The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of adding one thing to another. 
4 	 decide upon or fix definitely/specify	decide upon or fix definitely. 
1.4 	 provide a seat or base for	provide a feast or banquet for. 
0 	 the act of explaining or defending something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something. 
0.4 	 an observer of a process or activity	a meeting devoted to a particular activity. 
3.8 	 make keen; give (new) life or energy to	give new life or energy to. 
4.400 	 The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again. 
0.800 	 The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970. 
3.600 	 "It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	"It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal. 
3.400 	 SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat." 
1.400 	 Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29. 
4.600 	 Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday. 
1.400 	 Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism. 
3.600 	 Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details. 
2.000 	 In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent. 
5.000 	 He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom. 
3.600 	 Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida. 
4.400 	 Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility. 
4.800 	 One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty. 
4.600 	 But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast. 
1.400 	 RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant. 
2.600 	 A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes. 
2.000 	 Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States. 
2.800 	 Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."	She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear. 
3.500 	 Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion. 
3.200 	 The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million. 
4.000 	 South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected  62 percent of them female.	Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female. 
4.250 	 An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said. 
3.750 	 Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires. 
5.000 	 AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it. 
4.000 	 The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.	More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency. 
4.000 	 Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph. 
3.500 	 She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.	She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures. 
2.500 	 The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database. 
2.000 	 Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.	Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close. 
4.400 	 Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year. 
3.600 	 Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia. 
4.200 	 But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December. 
3.400 	 Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment. 
4.000 	 It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. 
4.000 	 The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.	The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries. 
4.800 	 Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages. 
3.600 	 A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra. 
3.400 	 He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.	Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain. 
3.600 	 General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
3.400 	 Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.	In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days. 
3.750 	 Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday. 
4.250 	 Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario. 
4.250 	 They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone. 
3.250 	 It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.	The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia. 
3.846 	 It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.	And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre. 
1.200 	 Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share. 
3.200 	 The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear. 
4.000 	 Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines. 
3.400 	 Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter. 
3.200 	 "For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes. 
3.800 	 In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said. 
3.200 	 Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection. 
4.000 	 Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat. 
3.333 	 Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene. 
3.667 	 Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares. 
2.000 	 But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.	This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee. 
2.600 	 About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	About 31 percent of Americans are now obese  roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight. 
3.000 	 Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays. 
2.400 	 Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67. 
2.600 	 Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.	Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River. 
4.400 	 "I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said. 
2.800 	 "Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	"They ransacked and burned the two villages completely," rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush. 
3.000 	 The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997. 
4.200 	 "Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	Generally unwantedand often pornographic or with fraudulent intent spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes. 
3.200 	 US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline. 
3.200 	 The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.	The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said. 
3.000 	 Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	"It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better." 
2.600 	 We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday. 
2.500 	 Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading. 
4.500 	 The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
3.750 	 "We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines," said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections. 
3.250 	 Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music. 
0.800 	 The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06. 
3.200 	 Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19. 
4.000 	 Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.	Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent. 
2.200 	 Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share. 
2.800 	 The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money. 
3.600 	 In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat. 
2.600 	 And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin." 
3.800 	 Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative  but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children. 
3.200 	 Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment. 
5.000 	 After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short. 
4.000 	 A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped. 
1.200 	 Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion. 
5.000 	 Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible. 
3.800 	 Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition. 
3.800 	 "I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean? 
3.400 	 Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry. 
2.200 	 Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas. 
4.200 	 British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US. 
2.818 	 The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed 4.1 billion merger.	The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada. 
3.200 	 The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point. 
3.000 	 It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the countrys only park dedicated to ancient ruins. 
2.400 	 GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses. 
3.600 	 His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.	His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va. 
3.875 	 She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted. 
3.000 	 Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists. 
4.400 	 Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.	Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid. 
2.800 	 A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.	A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance. 
1.600 	 "Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday. 
3.200 	 Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy. 
5.000 	 The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.	The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer. 
3.800 	 Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s. 
4.400 	 Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community. 
3.800 	 North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.	North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight. 
3.800 	 As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.	Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls. 
5.000 	 The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.	Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel. 
3.200 	 The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998. 
4.200 	 The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February. 
3.000 	 He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl. 
3.000 	 The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.	Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share. 
3.800 	 "I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	"I know of nobody who pressured anybody," Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing. 
2.667 	 Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July. 
2.333 	 Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share. 
3.000 	 "But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech." 
1.333 	 The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94. 
3.800 	 Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday. 
3.400 	 Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".	Grant Thornton claims that it too was the victim of a fraud. 
2.000 	 Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems. 
3.400 	 "My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press." 
4.000 	 The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place. 
2.800 	 Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law. 
3.200 	 After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas. 
3.600 	 Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed. 
3.800 	 "She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	"She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin. 
3.600 	 The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.	The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday. 
4.200 	 Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants. 
4.000 	 The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health. 
4.750 	 Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene. 
3.750 	 "Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.	Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent. 
3.250 	 Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise. 
3.533 	 The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry. 
2.750 	 Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months. 
2.500 	 Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene. 
1.250 	 Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?	Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs. 
1.750 	 "I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.	Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues. 
4.250 	 CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet. 
4.000 	 Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday. 
5.000 	 But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million. 
4.250 	 Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit. 
4.750 	 Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity. 
2.750 	 That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer. 
3.250 	 Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters. 
3.500 	 "These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said. 
3.600 	 The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain. 
3.200 	 The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.	The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent. 
3.400 	 Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.	Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings. 
4.600 	 Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition. 
3.333 	 The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands. 
3.333 	 Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.	In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century. 
3.000 	 In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.	The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches. 
4.000 	 It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.	It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services. 
3.500 	 In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets. 
3.500 	 This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net. 
1.750 	 Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden. 
3.000 	 Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. 
3.400 	 Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.	Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week. 
3.600 	 BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests. 
3.600 	 The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries. 
2.000 	 The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent. 
3.600 	 But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday. 
1.600 	 Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.	Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq. 
4.600 	 North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings. 
4.400 	 Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon. 
3.800 	 Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year. 
2.600 	 The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30. 
3.600 	 The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks. 
3.000 	 Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion. 
2.400 	 They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership. 
1.200 	 The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004. 
3.400 	 Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her. 
3.000 	 After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi. 
4.500 	 Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2. 
3.500 	 The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999. 
1.500 	 A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department. 
3.000 	 Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan. 
2.000 	 He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office. 
3.400 	 In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.	In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share. 
2.200 	 PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 
1.800 	 The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15. 
4.000 	 "This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said. 
3.500 	 A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive. 
3.500 	 "It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting. 
2.750 	 No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore. 
2.600 	 The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.	"It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said. 
2.200 	 The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points. 
4.600 	 Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters. 
3.000 	 Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi. 
3.500 	 He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	"This proposal is modest compared with the space programme, and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it. 
4.750 	 But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumidespite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says. 
1.500 	 "It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	"That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte. 
4.750 	 Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations. 
3.750 	 He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video. 
3.500 	 Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said. 
3.400 	 Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".	"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday. 
1.500 	 As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.	In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine. 
3.400 	 "Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore. 
3.200 	 Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.	Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters. 
2.200 	 The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.	The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points. 
2.400 	 The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94. 
3.000 	 YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.	The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County. 
3.000 	 He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer". 
1.800 	 Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent. 
2.400 	 A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital. 
3.533 	 The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.	The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said. 
4.000 	 He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400. 
4.250 	 On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it. 
4.750 	 In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons." 
3.333 	 "We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf. 
5.000 	 Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail. 
4.333 	 His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod. 
3.000 	 That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4. 
3.000 	 Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday. 
3.000 	 Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.	A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season. 
3.800 	 Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday. 
1.846 	 Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange. 
3.000 	 Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible". 
3.000 	 Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue. 
3.200 	 The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said. 
1.000 	 The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02. 
3.000 	 Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol. 
2.647 	 Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.	Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. 
3.250 	 "Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area. 
3.250 	 Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said. 
3.750 	 Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent. 
3.250 	 The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672. 
3.000 	 Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."	Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results. 
4.750 	 The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s. 
4.600 	 One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air. 
3.929 	 The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date. 
3.400 	 While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties. 
1.750 	 The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it. 
3.200 	 Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for. 
3.800 	 The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment. 
0.800 	 The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26. 
4.600 	 Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial. 
3.200 	 On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.	In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month. 
2.200 	 The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860. 
4.400 	 Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period. 
4.400 	 Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.	Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer. 
3.333 	 A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests. 
4.000 	 The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said. 
3.000 	 He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.	Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations. 
1.333 	 Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths. 
4.200 	 Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs. 
3.200 	 Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference. 
3.200 	 Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts. 
3.000 	 Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine. 
3.250 	 The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses. 
4.250 	 Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.	A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin. 
2.250 	 He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America. 
3.500 	 Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1. 
2.200 	 "And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	"I was in the water for about eight seconds. 
3.400 	 But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder. 
3.000 	 The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas. 
3.000 	 Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.	Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets. 
2.500 	 Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	"It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700. 
1.750 	 The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier. 
2.750 	 Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site. 
4.250 	 Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February. 
1.800 	 Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday. 
2.800 	 Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.	Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents. 
3.000 	 Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.	Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO. 
5.000 	 The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year. 
3.250 	 Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25. 
4.000 	 In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark. 
3.750 	 But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights. 
1.250 	 Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.	But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path. 
3.250 	 "I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	"Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness," Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell. 
2.000 	 The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71. 
3.333 	 The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees. 
3.000 	 The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations. 
3.400 	 "I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said. 
5.000 	 Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said. 
4.400 	 They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations. 
3.400 	 Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation. 
3.750 	 The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring. 
5.000 	 The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.	The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government. 
3.750 	 The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.	One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security. 
4.000 	 French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today. 
3.250 	 Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said. 
2.250 	 The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578. 
1.500 	 During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.	EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share. 
3.000 	 Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91. 
2.250 	 "This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets. 
3.750 	 The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR. 
4.000 	 Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal. 
4.750 	 Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message. 
5.000 	 Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai. 
3.750 	 "We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual." 
1.500 	 The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.	Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5. 
3.067 	 We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.	We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately. 
3.500 	 "These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice. 
2.750 	 Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations. 
3.500 	 The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales. 
3.250 	 Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied. 
3.750 	 Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April. 
3.800 	 One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee". 
4.000 	 The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
3.200 	 Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties. 
4.800 	 Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress. 
2.200 	 The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
2.200 	 Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange. 
4.600 	 There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey. 
3.250 	 It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday. 
3.250 	 A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status. 
1.333 	 In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.	Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent. 
2.500 	 Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share. 
3.250 	 Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269. 
3.750 	 Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients. 
2.250 	 Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines. 
2.750 	 Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there. 
2.500 	 It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points. 
4.750 	 Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client. 
3.500 	 Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders. 
3.250 	 Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night. 
3.250 	 Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.	MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York. 
3.000 	 Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.	The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights. 
1.500 	 Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before. 
2.000 	 The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August. 
3.000 	 Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance. 
3.000 	 Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate. 
4.750 	 But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed. 
4.778 	 Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday. 
3.200 	 A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody. 
3.600 	 Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves. 
3.200 	 But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."	"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient. 
3.200 	 Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.	Dotson, 21, was subsequently charged with Dennehy's murder. 
4.400 	 The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said. 
4.364 	 The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine. 
3.800 	 His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented. 
4.400 	 United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets. 
4.500 	 Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far. 
4.000 	 Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing. 
1.500 	 Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association. 
3.000 	 "They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."	"It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case," Sax added. 
5.000 	 "The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off. 
3.600 	 Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany. 
2.800 	 Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.	Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report. 
1.800 	 The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.	The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal. 
3.400 	 Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty. 
2.600 	 "They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added. 
2.200 	 "Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	"The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union. 
4.800 	 Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come. 
3.000 	 American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin." 
2.000 	 That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package. 
3.500 	 The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.	The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them. 
3.750 	 But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters. 
3.500 	 Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state. 
3.333 	 The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95. 
4.250 	 "Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously," he said. 
4.000 	 Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping. 
2.000 	 Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange. 
1.600 	 Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange. 
3.600 	 The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December." 
3.400 	 The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam. 
4.250 	 Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others. 
4.750 	 The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft. 
1.750 	 Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.	The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure. 
3.250 	 Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public. 
3.000 	 He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls. 
2.400 	 He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off. 
3.600 	 Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.	O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment. 
3.400 	 Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.	In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings. 
3.250 	 The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire. 
3.500 	 "We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said. 
3.250 	 The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.	July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs. 
3.786 	 However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away. 
0.800 	 The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66. 
2.400 	 Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores. 
3.200 	 "This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies. 
4.923 	 Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans. 
3.800 	 The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April. 
2.600 	 Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department. 
4.000 	 Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville. 
3.000 	 Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.	The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel. 
3.200 	 Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said. 
3.200 	 The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.	Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans. 
3.400 	 Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition. 
3.200 	 "Im very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted.	"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe. 
3.400 	 Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante. 
2.600 	 He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.	Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23. 
4.571 	 Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery. 
3.400 	 Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery. 
2.250 	 Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.	Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate. 
3.500 	 In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment. 
2.750 	 Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers. 
4.750 	 Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes. 
2.500 	 The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.	Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share. 
3.250 	 Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation. 
4.500 	 Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system. 
3.500 	 Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.	Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side. 
3.167 	 Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool. 
4.500 	 The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.	The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday. 
4.750 	 The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea. 
2.750 	 The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. 
3.200 	 The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000. 
2.600 	 The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks. 
4.400 	 He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said. 
3.000 	 Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship. 
0.944 	 The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498. 
2.400 	 According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures. 
3.800 	 Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.	Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores. 
3.800 	 Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV. 
4.000 	 Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications. 
3.800 	 The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern." 
3.800 	 Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school. 
4.200 	 "We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said. 
4.400 	 Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion. 
4.200 	 In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud. 
2.600 	 The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485. 
3.056 	 July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault. 
4.750 	 St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company. 
3.500 	 U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said. 
3.250 	 Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors. 
1.500 	 That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year. 
3.400 	 They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston. 
3.750 	 Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.	The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation. 
2.600 	 With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning. 
2.800 	 Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.	Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread. 
2.400 	 The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains. 
3.200 	 The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks. 
4.000 	 U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday. 
3.600 	 The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89. 
3.400 	 On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra. 
2.400 	 The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project. 
3.400 	 Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims. 
3.600 	 She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name. 
3.400 	 It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive," he said.	"It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week, and I had to get my pitch. 
3.400 	 In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.	In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS. 
4.818 	 A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction. 
3.200 	 A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building. 
1.400 	 Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002. 
3.000 	 That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said. 
4.200 	 But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said. 
3.200 	 Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.	FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday. 
1.800 	 The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1. 
3.800 	 Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted. 
4.600 	 Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times. 
2.800 	 But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative. 
4.250 	 Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States. 
3.000 	 Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years. 
0.750 	 One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition. 
4.000 	 On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603. 
3.600 	 During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995. 
2.200 	 The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.	Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District. 
2.800 	 Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said. 
3.200 	 The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."	The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation." 
1.250 	 Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.	The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading. 
3.000 	 Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.	Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist. 
3.250 	 A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance. 
3.000 	 Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks. 
2.200 	 AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002. 
3.000 	 Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.	The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said. 
4.600 	 FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations. 
3.600 	 Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side. 
4.000 	 He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders. 
3.000 	 Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote. 
3.750 	 So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.	Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI. 
3.714 	 Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender. 
5.000 	 The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing. 
3.200 	 Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.	Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision. 
3.200 	 Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo. 
1.600 	 On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday. 
3.333 	 The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent. 
4.000 	 The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available. 
3.000 	 When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10. 
1.333 	 The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day. 
3.600 	 While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each. 
4.200 	 The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing. 
1.800 	 The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.	The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people. 
3.231 	 In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.	In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students. 
3.000 	 The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.	The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese. 
3.000 	 A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.	Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. 
3.750 	 The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush. 
5.000 	 South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload. 
3.400 	 In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive. 
3.200 	 The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander. 
3.400 	 "If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters. 
2.800 	 Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV. 
2.800 	 "It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	The Maine program could be a model for other states. 
3.600 	 In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer. 
2.800 	 The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates. 
3.000 	 The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006. 
4.600 	 "Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)." 
3.200 	 The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts. 
3.000 	 Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.	Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay. 
3.800 	 The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May. 
3.000 	 "I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower," Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home. 
4.500 	 Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area. 
3.750 	 Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said. 
3.000 	 Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters. 
4.727 	 General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla. 
3.800 	 Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.	Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth. 
3.000 	 The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations. 
4.600 	 Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said. 
4.400 	 Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million. 
1.000 	 The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516. 
2.000 	 Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA. 
2.800 	 Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.	Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo. 
1.500 	 There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573. 
3.250 	 The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.	The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said. 
1.750 	 Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said. 
1.750 	 Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory." 
5.000 	 BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents. 
3.600 	 Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt. 
3.200 	 SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270. 
3.000 	 The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers. 
2.750 	 The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment. 
4.500 	 He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused. 
1.000 	 The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points. 
3.750 	 In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line. 
3.000 	 Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work. 
4.500 	 Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects. 
1.500 	 The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21. 
3.000 	 Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon. 
2.000 	 We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety. 
4.000 	 Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations. 
3.200 	 The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July. 
3.000 	 IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.	The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company. 
3.500 	 Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said. 
4.000 	 "We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line," said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager. 
3.000 	 Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia. 
3.250 	 The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis. 
3.400 	 "But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm." 
2.000 	 Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal. 
2.800 	 At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.	District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district. 
4.000 	 Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering. 
3.600 	 A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.	A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision. 
3.400 	 Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java. 
2.800 	 Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006. 
3.200 	 NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade. 
2.200 	 The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday. 
3.200 	 "Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president. 
3.400 	 The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94. 
3.000 	 The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.	The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault. 
4.750 	 A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000. 
3.250 	 In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set. 
1.000 	 The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02. 
4.250 	 The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months. 
5.000 	 Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will be charged with murder. 
1.600 	 That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period. 
5.000 	 EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform. 
3.800 	 Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia. 
3.500 	 We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions." 
4.750 	 Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection. 
3.000 	 The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday. 
3.500 	 "Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	"The other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him. 
3.500 	 Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through. 
3.000 	 There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday. 
4.500 	 In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400. 
3.250 	 "We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said. 
4.250 	 The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22. 
3.250 	 A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week. 
3.750 	 Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.	Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final. 
4.250 	 Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow. 
1.200 	 The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52. 
2.600 	 Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic. 
5.000 	 No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman. 
3.000 	 We think they have the right to choose.	"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said. 
3.600 	 "We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California. 
3.000 	 Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.	The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001. 
4.800 	 But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.	But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site. 
1.800 	 "This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen. 
4.000 	 Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs. 
3.800 	 Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said. 
2.400 	 President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday. 
2.800 	 Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan. 
3.200 	 He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said. 
3.000 	 One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes. 
3.400 	 Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case. 
3.800 	 The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter. 
3.500 	 Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances." 
3.250 	 Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement. 
1.500 	 Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.	Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs. 
3.692 	 The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest. 
2.800 	 The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey. 
3.200 	 Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth". 
2.400 	 New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users. 
2.000 	 For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart. 
3.800 	 The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday. 
3.400 	 The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March. 
3.000 	 Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing. 
4.600 	 WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said. 
3.250 	 Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead. 
3.750 	 The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement. 
3.500 	 Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch. 
4.500 	 The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement. 
3.667 	 Three no votes would kill it for now.	It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion. 
3.333 	 Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan. 
1.000 	 To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com. 
1.000 	 Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.	Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present. 
4.000 	 At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place. 
5.000 	 And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley. 
5.000 	 The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents. 
3.400 	 "I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	"We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story." 
3.500 	 British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.	Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames. 
3.500 	 The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions." 
1.250 	 By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday. 
3.500 	 Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America. 
3.750 	 The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.	The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities. 
2.250 	 The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true. 
4.750 	 Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.	Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region. 
3.250 	 Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save. 
3.250 	 Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54. 
3.250 	 She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local. 
3.750 	 Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public. 
3.250 	 If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved. 
4.800 	 Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk. 
3.800 	 Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets. 
3.400 	 But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live. 
2.000 	 Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.	Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year. 
3.600 	 U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America. 
4.400 	 Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said. 
4.600 	 "The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.	The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation. 
3.600 	 Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy. 
3.750 	 Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God." 
3.500 	 The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990. 
2.500 	 Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad. 
3.250 	 "He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said. 
3.333 	 For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent. 
3.333 	 He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.	Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry. 
3.000 	 "They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	He said: They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous. 
2.667 	 We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law. 
2.200 	 A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.	The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck. 
3.200 	 About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks. 
4.600 	 In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment. 
3.200 	 Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center. 
5.000 	 Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java. 
3.600 	 Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse. 
3.200 	 Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company. 
3.200 	 About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire. 
4.600 	 Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday. 
3.800 	 Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive. 
3.800 	 The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling. 
3.400 	 The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow. 
3.400 	 The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy. 
3.400 	 But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy. 
3.600 	 Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney. 
3.600 	 "It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.	Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous." 
2.600 	 The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days. 
2.200 	 Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call. 
3.600 	 The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company. 
3.800 	 Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.	Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys. 
3.800 	 The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine. 
4.000 	 The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday. 
1.733 	 Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.	"We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode. 
4.000 	 Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.	The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample. 
2.800 	 The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially. 
3.200 	 Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."	"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio. 
1.800 	 Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.	Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler. 
3.000 	 The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.	The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year. 
3.750 	 Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble. 
3.750 	 Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell. 
3.250 	 Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.	Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York. 
2.909 	 Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday. 
3.400 	 They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.	The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay." 
3.600 	 Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment. 
2.200 	 Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier. 
2.600 	 The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts. 
3.800 	 Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill. 
1.600 	 In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54. 
3.800 	 In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler. 
3.400 	 The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53. 
2.500 	 Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios. 
3.750 	 The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain. 
3.167 	 But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.	She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget. 
2.500 	 It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications. 
4.250 	 Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases. 
2.750 	 Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday. 
2.750 	 Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities. 
3.250 	 At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.	The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach. 
1.800 	 The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church. 
4.200 	 Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said. 
3.200 	 The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.	Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History. 
3.200 	 Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange. 
2.750 	 But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.	And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map. 
1.750 	 As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not. 
3.500 	 It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks. 
3.750 	 The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time. 
4.800 	 Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending. 
3.400 	 Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick. 
0.800 	 Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen. 
4.000 	 The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week. 
4.000 	 "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay. 
3.750 	 "There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.	In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here. 
3.250 	 DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department. 
1.250 	 At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.	At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards. 
3.500 	 On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.	On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi. 
4.750 	 Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them. 
1.000 	 The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73. 
2.500 	 October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon. 
3.438 	 Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February. 
4.000 	 Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical. 
3.600 	 "This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage," Hubbard said. 
4.200 	 "We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said. 
2.600 	 Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.	Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties. 
3.200 	 The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels. 
4.400 	 Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account. 
3.000 	 "Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."	A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this." 
3.250 	 He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.	That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital. 
2.000 	 The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday. 
3.250 	 Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.	Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit. 
4.500 	 IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
3.400 	 Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	"But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech." 
3.000 	 The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense. 
1.800 	 Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured. 
1.000 	 Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday. 
2.750 	 Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.	Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate. 
3.250 	 The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share. 
3.750 	 I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	"I'm still not red-hot favourite," Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court. 
2.750 	 "Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete. 
1.000 	 The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering. 
3.600 	 Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.	U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months. 
3.200 	 The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses. 
1.600 	 But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen. 
3.000 	 Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said. 
3.200 	 Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.	When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball. 
4.600 	 Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury. 
2.800 	 The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m. 
4.200 	 "Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques. 
3.200 	 Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.	Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong. 
4.000 	 University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor. 
3.000 	 Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.	Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60. 
2.200 	 Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading. 
2.800 	 Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.	He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia. 
2.600 	 "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said. 
5.000 	 When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley. 
2.000 	 Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said. 
3.250 	 Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.	As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region. 
3.750 	 The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34. 
3.500 	 Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million. 
2.750 	 About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional. 
2.750 	 MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.	Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries. 
3.250 	 In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.	Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels. 
2.250 	 U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials. 
3.250 	 The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office. 
3.000 	 Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote. 
4.000 	 Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case. 
2.000 	 Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62. 
3.182 	 In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.	A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds. 
3.000 	 With all precincts reporting, Fletcher  a three-term congressman from Lexington  had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total. 
3.750 	 Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement. 
3.000 	 In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.	This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms. 
4.600 	 On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday. 
2.600 	 Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.	Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998. 
3.200 	 The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%. 
4.400 	 As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea. 
1.250 	 Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque. 
2.500 	 A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019. 
5.000 	 A man with a hard hat is dancing.	A man wearing a hard hat is dancing. 
5.000 	 A plane is taking off.	An air plane is taking off. 
4.750 	 A young child is riding a horse.	A child is riding a horse. 
5.000 	 A man is feeding a mouse to a snake.	The man is feeding a mouse to the snake. 
3.800 	 A man is playing a large flute.	A man is playing a flute. 
3.800 	 A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.	A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza. 
2.600 	 Three men are playing chess.	Two men are playing chess. 
2.400 	 A woman is playing the guitar.	A man is playing guitar. 
2.750 	 A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing a flute. 
4.250 	 A man is playing the cello.	A man seated is playing the cello. 
2.615 	 A woman is cutting an onion.	A man is cutting onions. 
4.250 	 Some men are fighting.	Two men are fighting. 
0.500 	 A man is smoking.	A man is skating. 
1.600 	 The man is playing the piano.	The man is playing the guitar. 
2.200 	 A man is playing on a guitar and singing.	A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing. 
5.000 	 A man is erasing a chalk board.	The man is erasing the chalk board. 
5.000 	 A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling.	A person throws a cat on the ceiling. 
4.200 	 The man hit the other man with a stick.	The man spanked the other man with a stick. 
4.600 	 A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo.	A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms. 
3.867 	 A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a bamboo flute. 
4.667 	 A person is folding a piece of paper.	Someone is folding a piece of paper. 
1.667 	 A man is running on the road.	A panda dog is running on the road. 
3.750 	 A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.	A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back. 
2.333 	 A woman is carrying a boy.	A woman is carrying her baby. 
2.500 	 A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is brushing her hair. 
5.000 	 The polar bear is sliding on the snow.	A polar bear is sliding across the snow. 
0.500 	 A woman is writing.	A woman is swimming. 
3.750 	 Three men are playing guitars.	Three men are on stage playing guitars. 
3.800 	 A cat is rubbing against baby's face.	A cat is rubbing against a baby. 
5.000 	 The man is riding a horse.	A man is riding on a horse. 
3.200 	 A man pours oil into a pot.	A man pours wine in a pot. 
2.800 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A girl is playing a guitar. 
4.600 	 A panda is sliding down a slide.	A panda slides down a slide. 
3.600 	 A group of men play soccer on the beach.	A group of boys are playing soccer on the beach. 
3.000 	 A woman is eating something.	A woman is eating meat. 
5.000 	 A woman peels a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato. 
5.000 	 A woman peels a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato. 
3.200 	 People are playing cricket.	Men are playing cricket. 
4.800 	 The boy fell off his bike.	A boy falls off his bike. 
1.583 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a flute. 
5.000 	 The woman is playing the flute.	A woman is playing a flute. 
5.000 	 The cougar is chasing the bear.	A cougar is chasing a bear. 
4.200 	 A rabbit is running from an eagle.	A hare is running from a eagle. 
5.000 	 The man cut down a tree with an axe.	A man chops down a tree with an axe. 
4.200 	 The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.	A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop. 
5.000 	 One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.	A woman measures another woman's ankle. 
4.000 	 A girl is flying a kite.	A girl running is flying a kite. 
4.000 	 A man is riding a mechanical bull.	A man rode a mechanical bull. 
4.909 	 The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar. 
4.909 	 The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar. 
3.000 	 A woman is dancing and singing with other women.	A woman is dancing and singing in the rain. 
0.800 	 A man is finding something.	A woman is slicing something. 
2.400 	 A man is slicing a bun.	A man is slicing an onion. 
4.200 	 A man is pouring oil into a pan.	A man is pouring oil into a skillet. 
3.400 	 A lion is playing with people.	A lion is playing with two men. 
5.000 	 A dog rides a skateboard.	A dog is riding a skateboard. 
3.750 	 Someone is carving a statue.	A man is carving a statue. 
2.750 	 A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is cutting an onion. 
5.000 	 A woman peels shrimp.	A woman is peeling shrimp. 
4.000 	 A woman is frying fish.	A woman is cooking fish. 
2.400 	 The girl sang into a microphone.	The lady sang into the microphone. 
3.600 	 A woman is playing an electric guitar.	A woman is playing a guitar. 
1.600 	 A baby tiger is playing with a ball.	A baby is playing with a doll. 
4.200 	 A man is cutting up a cucumber.	A man is slicing a cucumber. 
1.750 	 A person is slicing a tomato.	A person is slicing some meat. 
5.000 	 A person cuts an onion.	A person is cutting an onion. 
1.500 	 A man is playing a harp.	A man is playing a keyboard. 
5.000 	 A man is climbing a rope.	A man climbs a rope. 
1.000 	 A man is playing the piano.	A woman is playing the violin. 
1.000 	 A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing the guitar. 
2.375 	 A man is cutting up a potato.	A man is cutting up carrots. 
3.800 	 A kid is playing guitar.	A boy is playing a guitar. 
3.200 	 A boy is playing guitar.	A man is playing a guitar. 
3.200 	 A man is playing guitar.	A boy is playing a guitar. 
1.800 	 A woman is cutting onions.	A woman is cutting tofu. 
4.400 	 A little boy is playing a keyboard.	A boy is playing key board. 
3.500 	 A man is riding an electric bicycle.	A man is riding a bicycle. 
3.750 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing an electric guitar. 
4.750 	 A dog licks a baby.	A dog is licking a baby. 
4.000 	 Kittens are eating food.	Kittens are eating from dishes. 
3.200 	 A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is cutting and onion. 
1.556 	 A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums. 
2.200 	 A man is playing the drums.	A man is playing the guitar. 
3.938 	 A woman is slicing a pepper.	A woman is cutting a red pepper. 
5.000 	 A man is playing the drums.	A man plays the drum. 
5.000 	 A woman rides a horse.	A woman is riding a horse. 
4.000 	 A man is eating a banana by a tree.	A man is eating a banana. 
1.600 	 A cat is playing a key board.	A man is playing two keyboards. 
0.636 	 A man is speaking.	A man is spitting. 
4.750 	 A man chops down a tree with an axe.	A man cut a tree with an axe. 
3.500 	 A kid plays with a toy phone.	A little boy plays with a toy phone. 
3.000 	 A woman is cooking eggs.	A woman is cooking something. 
2.200 	 A man is playing guitar.	A lady is playing the guitar. 
1.400 	 A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a horse. 
1.400 	 A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a horse. 
1.714 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet. 
1.714 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet. 
1.714 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a trumpet. 
3.200 	 An animal is chewing on something.	An animal is chewing on a key chain. 
4.000 	 A squirrel is spinning around in circles.	A squirrel runs around in circles. 
5.000 	 A man is cutting an onion.	A man cuts an onion. 
5.000 	 A man and a woman are kissing.	A man and woman kiss. 
3.833 	 A man is getting into a car.	A man is getting into a car in a garage. 
0.600 	 A man is cycling.	A man is talking. 
0.600 	 A man is dancing.	A man is talking. 
2.917 	 A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is playing the guitar. 
4.200 	 A person is cutting mushrooms.	A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife. 
4.400 	 A man is slicing open a fish.	A man is cutting up a fish. 
2.000 	 A tiger cub is making a sound.	A tiger is walking around. 
2.600 	 A person is slicing onions.	A person is peeling an onion. 
1.600 	 A man is playing the piano.	A man is playing the trumpet. 
2.000 	 A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is peeling an apple. 
4.200 	 A pankda is eating bamboo.	A panda bear is eating some bamboo. 
2.000 	 A person is peeling an onion.	A person is peeling an eggplant. 
4.800 	 A monkey pushes another monkey.	The monkey pushed the other monkey. 
4.400 	 A squirrel runs around in circles.	A squirrel is moving in circles. 
5.000 	 A man is tying his shoe.	A man ties his shoe. 
3.000 	 A boy is singing and playing the piano.	A boy is playing the piano. 
4.250 	 A dog is eating water melon.	A dog is eating a piece of watermelon. 
4.250 	 A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife. 
3.800 	 A man is peeling a potato.	A man peeled a potatoe. 
2.400 	 A woman is playing a guitar.	A man plays a guitar. 
2.167 	 A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing guitar. 
1.600 	 A woman is slicing tomato.	A man is slicing onion. 
2.000 	 A man is slicing a tomato.	A man is slicing a bun. 
2.000 	 A man swims underwater.	A woman is swimming underwater. 
1.600 	 A man and woman are talking.	A man and woman is eating. 
1.800 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a keyboard. 
4.400 	 A baby panda goes down a slide.	A panda slides down a slide. 
4.000 	 A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.	A dog is chasing a ball. 
2.200 	 The men are playing cricket.	The men are playing basketball. 
4.400 	 A man rides off on a motorcycle.	A man is riding on a motorcycle. 
3.600 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is singing and playing a guitar. 
3.600 	 The man talked on the telephone.	The man is talking on the phone. 
3.600 	 A man is singing and playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar. 
0.500 	 A man is fishing.	A man is exercising. 
0.800 	 A man is levitating.	A man is talking. 
3.600 	 A man attacks a woman.	A man slaps a woman. 
0.600 	 Two boys are driving.	Two bays are dancing. 
1.200 	 A man is driving a car.	A man is riding a horse. 
1.000 	 A man is playing soccer.	A man is playing flute. 
2.600 	 A man is riding on a horse.	A girl is riding a horse. 
2.000 	 A man is riding a bicycle.	A monkey is riding a bike. 
2.200 	 A man is slicing potatoes.	A woman is peeling potato. 
2.400 	 A woman is peeling a potato.	A man is slicing potato. 
3.600 	 A man is playing a guitar.	Someoen is playing guitar. 
2.400 	 A woman is cutting tofu.	A woman is cutting an onion. 
1.917 	 A girl is riding a horse.	A girl is riding a bicycle. 
2.200 	 A woman is slicing a leek.	A woman is slicing ginger. 
4.800 	 The man cut a paper plate.	A man is cutting a paper plate. 
0.200 	 The woman is styling her hair.	The woman is slicing herbs. 
1.643 	 The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the flute. 
1.750 	 A man is playing the piano.	The man is playing the violin. 
4.250 	 A man is lifting weights in a garage.	A man is lifting weights. 
2.250 	 A woman is slicing up some meat.	A woman is breading some meat. 
4.000 	 A man is playing on his keyboard.	A man is playing a keyboard piano. 
4.200 	 Two zebras play in an open field.	Two zebras are playing in a field. 
4.800 	 The lady chopped up the green onions.	The lady cut up a green onion. 
3.200 	 Someone is sitring noodles in water.	A woman is boiling noodles in water. 
3.000 	 An animal is biting a persons finger.	A slow loris is biting a persons finger. 
4.000 	 Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling.	Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling. 
4.400 	 A man is playing a piano.	A person is playing the piano. 
4.400 	 A man is cutting a potato.	A man is slicing some potato. 
4.600 	 A woman is playing flute.	A woman plays on a flute. 
3.800 	 A boy is checking a calender.	A boy is looking at a calendar. 
4.800 	 A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is chopping onions. 
4.857 	 A man is playing guitar.	A man plays a guitar. 
5.000 	 A woman is using a sewing machine.	A woman is sewing on a machine. 
2.533 	 A woman is flipping pancakes.	A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes. 
2.250 	 A man is slicing an onion.	A woman is slicing a pumpkin. 
2.000 	 A  man is dancing.	A man and woman is dancing. 
0.750 	 A man is riding a motorcycle.	A woman is riding a horse. 
1.000 	 A man is running on the road.	A car is driving down the road. 
1.000 	 A woman is reading.	A woman is kneading dough. 
2.200 	 A woman is slicing garlics.	A woman is slicing an onion. 
1.000 	 A man is riding on a horse.	A man is talking on a phone. 
2.000 	 A man is riding a bike.	A man is riding on a horse. 
0.600 	 A man is crying.	A woman is dancing. 
0.143 	 A woman is dancing.	A man is eating. 
2.000 	 A man is playing a piano.	A man is playing a flute. 
1.600 	 A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a piano. 
0.800 	 A man is speaking.	A man is cooking. 
1.600 	 A man is spinning.	A man is dancing. 
2.200 	 A little boy is singing and playing a guitar.	A man is singing and playing the guitar. 
3.400 	 A monkey is swinging from limb to limb.	A monkey is swinging from tree to tree. 
4.000 	 The people got off the train.	The people got off the train at the station. 
2.600 	 The lady cracked an egg into a bowl.	The man is cracking eggs into a bowl. 
4.800 	 A dog is jumping on a trampoline.	A dog bounces on a trampoline. 
2.500 	 A boy is playing an instrument.	A man is playing a trumpet. 
5.000 	 A band is performing on a stage.	A band is playing onstage. 
1.750 	 A woman plays the guitar.	A man sings and plays the guitar. 
1.000 	 A woman is picking a can.	A woman is slicing a tomato. 
5.000 	 A man is climbing a rope.	A man climbs up a rope. 
1.400 	 A man is lifting a car.	A man is climbing a wall. 
4.600 	 Elephants are walking down a trail.	A herd of elephants are walking along a trail. 
4.000 	 A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.	A man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle. 
3.800 	 The shirtless man sat in a chair.	A shirtless man is sitting on a chair. 
3.200 	 A turtle is swimming in water.	A turtle is walking underwater. 
4.000 	 Two women are wrestling.	Two women are wrestling on the floor. 
4.000 	 The puppy played with a blue tennis ball.	A puppy is playing with a tennis ball. 
4.800 	 A kangroo is eating something.	A kangaroo is eating. 
0.600 	 A cat is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar. 
4.750 	 The man cut some carpet with a knife.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife. 
2.200 	 A woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road.	A man is riding a motor scooter. 
3.000 	 someone is slicing a vegetable.	Someone is slicing a tomato. 
0.000 	 A woman is dancing.	A man is talking. 
5.000 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man plays the guitar. 
2.200 	 A dog licks up a baby's drool.	A dog licks a baby. 
0.400 	 A man is rowing a boat.	A man is slicing a tomato. 
4.800 	 A young woman is putting stickers all over her face.	A woman is applying stickers to her face. 
4.800 	 A man cuts up potatos.	A man slices potatoes. 
4.800 	 A man sitting on the floor plays a guitar.	A man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar. 
4.800 	 A woman is chopping up garlic.	The woman is dicing garlic. 
3.800 	 A puppy plays with a plastic container.	The dog is playing with a plastic container. 
3.800 	 An animal run in circles.	A squirrel runs in circles. 
3.000 	 A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.	A boy is walking across a bridge. 
4.000 	 A man is playing the guitar.	A man seated in a room is playing the guitar. 
5.000 	 A man plays the flute.	A man is playing a flute. 
5.000 	 A man plays the violin.	A man is playing violin. 
5.000 	 A man plays the piano.	A man is playing a piano. 
4.200 	 A man is eating food.	A man is eating something. 
3.800 	 A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl.	A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl. 
1.400 	 A man is playing a basketball.	A man is playing a piano. 
3.000 	 A man is cutting a fish.	A man guts a fish. 
4.400 	 Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.	The men are putting suitcases into the car's trunk. 
3.600 	 A toddler walks down a hallway.	A little girl is walking down a hallway. 
3.800 	 A man pours oil on some tomatos.	The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes. 
3.000 	 A man is slicing something.	A man is slicing a bun. 
2.800 	 A plane is landing.	A animated airplane is landing. 
1.400 	 A woman is wrapping tofu.	A woman is balling dough. 
0.667 	 A man is paddling a canoe.	A man is playing a harp. 
4.000 	 A man and woman are walking together through the woods.	A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area. 
4.250 	 A cat is eating some corn.	A cat is eating corn on the cob. 
3.750 	 The woman picked up the kangaroo.	A woman picks up a baby kangaroo. 
4.133 	 Fish are swimming.	A fish is swimming. 
4.000 	 Two women mix something in a food processor.	Two women make something in a blender. 
1.600 	 A panda is climbing.	A man is climbing a rope. 
3.600 	 A person is surfing a large wave.	A person is surfing. 
1.200 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is stabbing a target. 
1.600 	 A man is playing a flute in a band.	A man is playing a guitar. 
4.000 	 The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.	A man is spreading butter onto bread. 
4.000 	 A person is boiling noodles.	A woman is boiling noodles in water. 
3.400 	 A man is eating a food.	A man is eating a piece of bread. 
3.200 	 A group of people dance on a hill.	A group of people are dancing. 
0.533 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is eating pasta. 
1.000 	 A man is dancing outside.	A man is playing flute. 
1.000 	 A woman is feeding a man.	A woman is mixing meat. 
0.600 	 A man is putting a pan into an oven.	A woman is cutting an onion. 
0.400 	 A man is kicking pots of water.	A man is picking flowers. 
0.400 	 A woman is sitting at a desk.	A woman is riding a donkey. 
3.400 	 Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.	A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher. 
1.200 	 A man is cutting a pipe with scissors.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife. 
3.600 	 A woman is playing a flute on stage.	The woman is playing the flute. 
5.000 	 A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman dances in the rain out side. 
3.000 	 Two baby pandas are playing.	Two pandas are laying together. 
3.000 	 Kids are dancing on stage.	Some people are dancing on stage. 
4.000 	 A baby is laughing.	A baby is laughing and giggling. 
1.200 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing a piano. 
0.538 	 A woman is taking a bath.	A woman is riding a horse. 
0.600 	 A man is folding paper.	A woman is slicing a pepper. 
1.600 	 Three women are dancing.	The man is dancing. 
1.400 	 A man plays a guitar.	A man plays the piano. 
2.600 	 The cats are playing with each other.	Two cats are fighting each other. 
3.600 	 A person is writing.	A person is writing with a pencil. 
0.250 	 A woman is slicing a meat.	A woman is singing on stage. 
0.250 	 A woman is taking a picture.	A man is playing a guitar. 
3.750 	 A man mixes vegetables in a pot.	A person is stirring vegetables in a pot. 
3.500 	 A man is running.	A man is running down a road. 
3.765 	 The woman is rolling dough.	A woman is flouring and rolling dough. 
2.750 	 A woman is adding spices on a meat.	Woman is adding sugar to meat. 
2.250 	 A woman is adding oil on fishes.	A woman is pouring water on fish. 
2.750 	 A young boy is holding a guitar.	A little boy is playing a guitar. 
3.800 	 A cheetah is running.	A cheetah is running across a field. 
4.800 	 The man is eating pizza.	A man is eating a slice of pizza. 
3.600 	 An orangutan is riding a bus.	A monkey is riding on a bus. 
1.200 	 A man and a woman talk in a diner.	A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle. 
3.000 	 A woman is talking on a cell phone.	A man and woman are talking on the phone. 
0.400 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is cleaning a glass door. 
2.400 	 A girl is singing and playing a guitar.	A young man is singing while playing the guitar. 
3.600 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is singing while playing the guitar. 
0.000 	 The man is riding a horse.	A woman is using a hoe. 
0.500 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is driving a car. 
3.941 	 A girl is communicating with sign language.	A young girl is using sign language. 
0.500 	 A woman is doing weight exercises.	A woman is doing her hair. 
3.750 	 A man is getting inside a car.	An elderly man is getting into a red car. 
4.000 	 A big green ball knocks a potato over.	A large green ball hits a potato. 
4.000 	 A man is drilling a hole in a board.	Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood. 
3.000 	 A cat is playing keyboards.	A cat is playing a piano. 
4.200 	 Two dogs swim in a pool.	Dogs are swimming in a pool. 
4.500 	 A man is fitting silencer on a pistol.	A man is adding a silencer to a gun. 
2.000 	 The man used a chopper to chop the onion.	The man used a machine to chop up a potatoe. 
5.000 	 A woman slices tofu.	A woman is cutting tofu. 
3.000 	 A herd of deer are crossing the street.	A herd of caribou are crossing a road. 
3.800 	 The person is riding the horse.	A man is riding a horse. 
0.000 	 Someone is feeding a animal.	Someone is playing a piano. 
0.000 	 Someone is slicing tortila's.	Someone is riding a horse. 
0.250 	 Someone is mixing ingrediants.	Someone is sewing things. 
4.000 	 A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.	A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse. 
3.250 	 A woman holds a kangaroo.	A woman is picking up a kangaroo. 
0.750 	 A man is playing with frogs	A cat is playing with a camera. 
1.500 	 Two men are talking.	Two men are playing guitar. 
0.500 	 Two little girls are talking on the phone.	A little girl is walking down the street. 
1.500 	 A man is cutting apple by his hand.	A man is cutting carpet with a knife. 
3.500 	 A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread.	A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread. 
3.000 	 A man is running across a high wire.	A man is running on rope. 
3.800 	 Someone is stirring chili in a kettle.	Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon. 
4.800 	 The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	The lady broke raw eggs into a bowl. 
0.200 	 A man is mowing a lawn.	A woman is cutting a lemon. 
0.800 	 A man is opening a door.	A man is cutting an onion. 
0.800 	 A man is opening a door.	A man is playing a guitar. 
0.800 	 A man is slicing a tomato.	A man is riding a horse. 
4.200 	 A man is slicing a potato into pieces.	A man is cutting a potato. 
3.800 	 The woman is cutting cooked octopus.	A woman is chopping octopus. 
0.600 	 A man is cutting paper with a sword.	A woman is cutting a tomato. 
0.400 	 A man is punching through boards.	A dog is running through water. 
5.000 	 A woman puts flour on a piece of meat.	A woman is putting flour onto some meat. 
0.800 	 A man is dancing.	A man is eating bread. 
1.200 	 Someone is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar. 
2.800 	 Two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio.	Foxes are eating from a plate. 
3.200 	 A boy is playing a key-board.	A boy is playing the piano. 
5.000 	 A person plays a keyboard.	Someone is playing a keyboard. 
4.400 	 A boy studies a calendar.	A boy is looking at a calendar. 
0.000 	 A man is shooting a gun.	A man is spitting. 
1.000 	 Someone is slicing an onion.	Someoen is peeling a potato. 
0.250 	 A man is talking on a phone.	A man is singing to a woman. 
0.000 	 A man is swimming.	A woman is slicing meat. 
1.750 	 The ballerina is dancing.	A man is dancing. 
3.750 	 A man is playing the guitar.	A man plays an acoustic guitar. 
0.400 	 A woman is slicing a pumpkin.	A woman is riding an elephant. 
0.400 	 A woman is dancing.	A woman is kneading dough. 
0.400 	 A woman is dancing.	A woman is playing violin. 
0.600 	 A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	A woman is placing skewers onto a rack. 
4.000 	 A car is moving through a road.	A car is driving down the road. 
1.400 	 A woman is slicing some tomatoes.	A woman is chopping a potato. 
0.400 	 Someone is greasing a pan.	Smeone is laying down. 
0.400 	 A man is playing guitar.	A man is draining pasta. 
0.400 	 A woman is drinking vodka.	A woman is exercising. 
0.400 	 A woman is water skiing.	A woman is slicing fish. 
1.200 	 A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	A man is playing a flute. 
4.800 	 A woman is cutting meat into pieces.	A woman is cutting up some meat. 
0.600 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man is eating a banana. 
0.800 	 A man is playing a flute.	A man is riding a scooter. 
0.600 	 A man is rinsing a steak.	A man is playing a guitar. 
2.000 	 A man is playing the piano.	A man played the guitar. 
0.800 	 A man is selling items.	A man is cleaning the house. 
0.800 	 A man is jumping into water.	A man is cutting paper. 
0.133 	 A woman is picking a can.	A man is playing a guitar. 
3.200 	 A man is jumping a wall.	A man jumps onto a short wall. 
3.200 	 Runners race around a track.	Runners compete in a race. 
0.600 	 A man is kicking a soccer ball.	A man is mixing a bowl. 
0.600 	 A woman is frying something.	A woman is riding a horse. 
0.000 	 A cat is licking a sucker.	A woman is slicing cucumber. 
1.400 	 A woman is dancing by a fire.	A woman is taking a bath. 
4.000 	 A man puts three pieces of meat into a pan.	A man is putting meat in a pan. 
3.800 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A guy is playing an instrument. 
2.200 	 The man is slicing a fish open.	A man is slicing a potato. 
0.267 	 A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cleaning a garden. 
3.600 	 Butter is melting in a pan.	A man is melting butter in a pan. 
3.400 	 Some men are sawing.	Men are sawing logs. 
3.111 	 Three boys are dancing.	Kids are dancing. 
0.600 	 A woman is playing a game with a man.	A man is playing piano. 
0.400 	 The man is driving a white car.	A man is giving an interview. 
0.000 	 A young man is playing the piano.	A woman is peeling a prawn. 
1.200 	 A car is driven down the road.	A girl is walking down a road. 
3.500 	 A woman is mixing ingrediants.	A woman is mixing food in a bowl. 
4.250 	 A man drove his car.	A man is driving a car. 
3.000 	 A car backs out of a space.	A car is backing out of a blocked lane. 
4.500 	 Someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife.	Someone is chopping some cabbage leaves. 
5.000 	 A man puts some cheese on a pizza.	The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza. 
5.000 	 The boy is playing the piano.	A boy plays a piano. 
5.000 	 The man is kissing and hugging the woman.	A man is hugging and kissing a woman. 
3.750 	 The man played his guitar.	A man is playing a guitar. 
2.800 	 A slow lori walks around.	A animal is walking around. 
0.200 	 A man is riding a horse.	A man is playing a keyboard. 
0.400 	 A man is walking on a rope.	A man is riding a mo-pad. 
3.800 	 A little boy is vacuuming the floor.	A boy is vacuuming. 
1.286 	 A girl is playing a flute.	A band is playing on a stage. 
4.600 	 People step off a train.	A group of people get off a train. 
0.600 	 A woman is sewing on a machine.	A woman is breading some meat. 
2.000 	 A dog is looking into swimming pool.	A dog is walking around a pool. 
5.000 	 A man is buttering a piece of bread.	A man is applying butter to bread. 
3.800 	 A woman is applying eye liner to her eyelid using an eye pencil.	A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid. 
1.800 	 A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting some vegetables. 
0.000 	 A train is moving.	A man is doing yoga. 
2.400 	 Three teenage girls danced in the room.	Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera. 
2.400 	 A lion is walking.	A lion is pacing in a pen. 
0.400 	 A man shooting a car.	A man is cutting a potato. 
0.000 	 A man is making a bed.	A woman is playing a guitar. 
4.200 	 A black horse is running around.	The horse is running. 
3.800 	 Someone is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting onion. 
0.000 	 A woman is deveining shrimp.	A man is dancing in rain. 
0.000 	 A man is riding a horse.	A woman is washing a freezer. 
4.000 	 A man plays a keyboard.	A person is playing the keyboard. 
0.800 	 A man walks down a path.	A man walks across a tight rope. 
1.400 	 A man is slicing a potato.	A woman is cutting a jalepeno. 
1.500 	 A dog is barking at a ball.	A dog swims after a tennis ball. 
0.750 	 A woman is playing in the ocean.	A woman is preparing shrimp to cook. 
2.500 	 A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole.	A little kid is running around a fishing pole. 
2.500 	 A man is walking along a path through wilderness.	A man is walking down a road. 
3.500 	 An elderly man is speaking at a podium.	A man is making a speech at the podium. 
3.400 	 A person is playing an electronic keyboard.	A kid is playing keyboard. 
3.400 	 A man riding a horse in slow motion.	A man is riding on a horse. 
3.800 	 A person is cutting some burrata cheese.	The person is slicing cheese. 
3.800 	 The man is shooting an automatic rifle.	A man is shooting a gun. 
4.250 	 A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit.	A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny. 
2.812 	 A plane rides on a road.	An airplane moves along a runway. 
1.500 	 A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife.	A woman is slicing meat with a knife. 
0.500 	 A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board.	A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle. 
0.000 	 A man is riding a skateboard.	A woman is cutting a potato. 
0.000 	 A woman is taking a shower.	A man is riding a white horse. 
0.800 	 A  man is dancing.	A man is riding a horse. 
0.000 	 A man is holding a leaf.	A monkey is fighting a man. 
0.200 	 A woman is peeling shrimp.	A man is squeezing water. 
0.850 	 A man is rowing a boat.	A man is shooting off a gun. 
3.400 	 A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.	A man is swinging on a rope. 
0.400 	 A woman is riding a horse on a beach.	A man is carrying another man on his back. 
1.750 	 A man holds a small animal in one hand.	A man shows off a small monkey. 
3.250 	 A person is folding a square paper piece.	A man is folding paper. 
0.750 	 A person is frying meat in a pan.	A person is holding a skunk. 
4.250 	 A man shoots a man.	A man with a pistol shoots another man. 
3.000 	 A man plays the guitar.	The man sang and played his guitar. 
4.000 	 A man is sitting and smoking.	A man is smoking a cigarette. 
0.000 	 A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.	A man is driving a car. 
0.000 	 The woman is peeling shrimp.	The man is holding a lemur. 
1.000 	 A guy is playing hackysack	A man is playing a key-board. 
0.500 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is riding a horse. 
3.750 	 One man is breaking cement on another man's chest.	A man breaks cinder blocks on another man. 
4.250 	 Two zebras are playing.	Zebras are socializing. 
1.800 	 A woman is slicing butter.	A woman slices tofu. 
3.200 	 Some men are playing guitars.	Three men are playing guitars and singing together. 
3.600 	 The elephants sprayed water on themselves.	Elephants spray themselves with water. 
0.000 	 A man is talking with other women on the beach.	A man is walking down the street. 
2.600 	 A dog sat at the counter of a store.	The dog is standing at the counter. 
3.200 	 Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.	A man drills a hole in a piece of wood. 
0.400 	 The woman is dicing onions.	A woman is dancing in railway station. 
3.800 	 A man is standing in front of the window and looking outside.	A man is staring out the window. 
2.400 	 A skunk is looking here and there.	A skunk looks at the camera. 
2.800 	 A woman is slicing some vegetables.	The woman is dicing garlic. 
4.600 	 A badger is burrowing a hole.	A badger is digging the earth. 
0.000 	 A woman is water skiing on a lake.	A man is playing a flute. 
0.250 	 A girl is playing a violin.	A baby is laughing and giggling. 
3.923 	 A helicopter is landing on a helipad.	A helicopter lands. 
2.750 	 A woman is cutting up a chicken.	A woman is slicing meat. 
0.000 	 A woman is cutting a cucumber.	A man is playing a guitar. 
3.000 	 A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd.	A woman rides an elephant. 
3.800 	 A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor.	A puppy is pushing itself backwards. 
4.000 	 A chef is preparing some food.	A chef prepared a meal. 
4.600 	 A woman splits garlic cloves.	A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves. 
2.600 	 A dog is looking into swimming pool.	A dog is walking along the edge of a pool. 
3.600 	 A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass.	A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon. 
3.600 	 A man is drawing a picture.	A person is drawing. 
2.800 	 The man talked to a girl over the internet camera.	A teenager talks to a girl over a webcam. 
4.750 	 A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man sings with a guitar. 
3.750 	 A turtle walks over the ground.	A large turtle crawls in the grass. 
1.154 	 The lady cracked an egg for the mixer.	The lady sliced up the meat. 
1.000 	 A woman is picking tomatoes.	A woman is pouring batter into a bowl. 
2.750 	 A man is looking at a computer monitor.	A man is using a laptop. 
1.250 	 The boy is riding a tricycle.	A woman is riding a water scooter. 
2.750 	 Two men compete in a tire rolling race.	Two people flipped tractor tires in a race. 
0.000 	 A woman opens a window.	A man is crawling. 
0.000 	 A person is cutting a meat.	A person riding a mechanical bull 
0.000 	 A man is playing a violin.	A woman is using a sewing machine. 
2.750 	 Five kittens are eating out of five dishes.	Kittens are eating food on trays. 
3.750 	 People are dancing outside.	A group of people are dancing. 
2.800 	 A woman is slicing some tuna.	A woman is cutting raw fish. 
2.600 	 The man is using a camera to hammer a nail.	Someone is banging a camera lense against a nail. 
2.400 	 The baby crawled through the doorway.	A baby is crawling across the floor. 
2.200 	 A man is playing keyboard.	A person is playing a piano. 
0.000 	 A man playing the guitar.	A woman is painting her lips. 
0.200 	 A man is smelling two pizzas.	A woman is feeding a man. 
0.000 	 A woman is filing her nails.	A man is peeling a carrot. 
2.800 	 A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.	A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo. 
4.000 	 A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor.	A dog is laying on the floor. 
0.000 	 A man is playing a flute.	A dog is barking at a fly. 
0.000 	 A woman is frying something in the pan.	A man is playing his guitar. 
0.750 	 A boy is crawling into a dog house.	A boy is playing a wooden flute. 
5.000 	 A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.	The man added seasoning to water in a bowl. 
0.000 	 An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.	A tied man is putting into water. 
3.400 	 A baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother.	A baby rhino is following an adult rhino. 
3.200 	 A woman is chopping an onion.	A woman is slicing partially into half of an onion. 
3.500 	 The woman picked up the kangaroo.	A woman is carrying a kangaroo. 
1.750 	 A dog biting on a can.	A dog opens a can of food. 
1.250 	 A woman is deboning a fish.	A man catches a fish. 
0.833 	 A man is mowing grass.	A man is busting concrete. 
0.000 	 A cat is watching a TV.	A man is slicing a leave. 
3.750 	 The boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse.	A child is stuck in a dog house. 
2.750 	 People flip into a swimming pool.	Men are falling into a pool. 
0.000 	 A woman is swimming underwater.	A man is slicing some carrots. 
5.000 	 The man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle.	A man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword. 
3.800 	 A woman swims underwater.	A woman is swimming. 
0.200 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is dancing. 
3.800 	 A machine is sharpening a pencil.	The machine shaved the end of the pencil. 
3.400 	 An airplane is flying in the air.	A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky. 
1.400 	 A bear is running from two dogs.	A bear is fighting wolves. 
3.800 	 A woman is resting in a floating raft.	A woman relaxes in an inner tube. 
0.800 	 A man is cleaning a fish on a kitchen counter.	A man is playing a flute. 
0.400 	 A man is dieing in an operating room.	A man is kissing a woman in stage. 
0.000 	 A man is holding a leaf.	A woman is watching television. 
0.000 	 A person is riding a horse.	A woman is slicing potatoes. 
0.000 	 A woman is slicing octopus.	A man is playing the guitar. 
0.200 	 A man is breaking water jugs.	A woman is peeling garlic. 
0.000 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is cutting vegetable. 
0.000 	 A girl is eating a cupcake.	A man is slicing a cucumber. 
3.800 	 The little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball.	A baby plays with a dog and ball. 
2.250 	 A person is chopping coriander leaves.	A woman is slicing up some green leaves. 
2.250 	 People ride and paddle a raft.	Four people are floating on a raft. 
2.750 	 A man is pressing microwave buttons.	A man turns on the microwave. 
4.500 	 A girl is riding a horse.	The girl trotted the horse. 
2.400 	 The lady cut up a potatoe.	A man is cutting a potato. 
2.800 	 A monkey is playing drums.	A gorilla plays the drums. 
3.200 	 The missile exploded.	A rocket exploded. 
1.600 	 A dog is playing in the snow.	A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it. 
0.400 	 A woman is dancing with other women.	A woman is shredding chicken. 
0.000 	 A boy is pushing a van.	A person is slicing a tomato. 
2.600 	 Batman and Robin fly a helicopter over water.	A helicopter flies over water. 
0.400 	 A boy is making some dance steps.	A boy is pouring something from a pitcher. 
0.600 	 A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.	A woman is riding on an elephant. 
1.000 	 A man is assembling speaker parts.	A man is playing the guitar. 
3.800 	 A woman pours oil into a skillet from a plastic bottle while she is talking.	An older woman is pouring oil into a skillet on the stove. 
4.600 	 The dog walked along the edge of the pool.	A dog is walking along a pool. 
4.250 	 Butter is being put into a bowl.	A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl. 
0.000 	 A man is opening a box and taking out paper.	A woman is peeling a potato. 
1.500 	 Raccoons are eating.	A man is eating. 
3.500 	 Someone fell off a horse.	A man gets knocked off of a horse. 
2.800 	 A woman is cutting some herbs.	A woman is chopping cilantro. 
0.000 	 A woman peels an apple.	A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle. 
0.000 	 A man is taking some math classes.	A man is rinsing a steak. 
0.000 	 Animals are playing in water.	Two men are playing ping pong. 
0.333 	 A man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles.	A man is kicking a soccer ball. 
0.333 	 A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.	A person is slicing carrots in half. 
3.333 	 The person lit the cameras on fire.	A person is blow torching cameras. 
4.333 	 The man is slicing the tape from the box.	A man is cutting open a box. 
1.600 	 The lady put the skewered shimp in the hot water.	The lady fried the breaded meat in hot oil. 
0.800 	 A woman is dancing.	A woman plays the clarinet. 
0.800 	 A man is fishing in the river.	A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk. 
0.200 	 A man is riding a bike.	A woman is dancing in the street. 
0.000 	 A man is doing push-ups.	A woman is cutting some octopus. 
0.000 	 A man is playing guitar.	A woman is slicing up some pork. 
0.000 	 A woman is riding on a horse.	A man is shooting off guns. 
1.333 	 The boy is playing the piano.	A band is playing on stage. 
3.000 	 A person is drawing on a large touchscreen.	A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board. 
2.600 	 The cook is kneading the flour.	A woman is kneading tortilla dough. 
2.800 	 The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.	A baby is playing a guitar. 
0.800 	 A woman is powdering her face.	The woman is tapping her fingers on the table. 
1.000 	 The men played follow the leader on the grass.	The rhino grazed on the grass. 
0.000 	 A woman is cracking eggs.	A man is talking to a woman. 
0.000 	 A woman is peeling a potato.	A lion is walking around. 
0.250 	 A woman is firing a rifle.	A man is performing stunts. 
1.000 	 A woman peels garlic with her hands.	The woman is slicing herbs. 
3.400 	 The polar bears fought over the kill.	Polar bears are fighting each other. 
0.600 	 A woman is riding a horse along a perimeter.	A dog is riding a skateboard. 
0.000 	 A woman is putting her baby in a waste bin.	The woman is poking holes in the potato. 
0.500 	 A woman puts a garland over a man's shoulders.	A man pours water over a pilots head. 
3.750 	 An old woman is shaking hand with a man.	A man and a woman shake hands. 
5.000 	 A man is doing trick with play cards.	A man is performing a card trick. 
1.750 	 The woman is waterskiing.	A woman is wake boarding on a lake. 
2.667 	 Trees are bending in storm.	Trees are hit by very hard winds. 
2.333 	 The cat is licking a bottle.	A cat plays with a small bottle. 
0.400 	 A man and woman is riding in a car.	A woman is frying shrimp. 
0.000 	 A man is moving a tree limb.	The woman is playing the violin. 
0.000 	 A cat is pouncing on a trampoline.	A man is slicing a tomato. 
1.000 	 A man plays a piano.	A woman is playing the violin. 
0.800 	 A person pours oil on a skillet.	A person is dicing an onion. 
1.400 	 A person is slicing an onion.	A person cuts ginger. 
0.000 	 The animal is eating.	A woman is dancing. 
3.000 	 A man and woman are eating at a table.	A couple are eating a meal and talking. 
4.000 	 The woman is walking her dog.	A woman walks her dog down the street. 
0.000 	 A woman is riding on a horse.	A man is turning over tables in anger. 
0.200 	 A man is screwing wood to a wall.	A man is giving a woman a massage. 
3.200 	 A girl is playing a flute.	A girl plays a wind instrument. 
5.000 	 A group of people sing.	Some people are singing. 
4.400 	 The cat is drinking milk.	A cat is licking from a saucer of milk. 
0.750 	 A person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler.	A man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver. 
2.000 	 A small baby is playing a guitar.	A boy sits on a bed, sings and plays a guitar. 
2.000 	 A girl is making eyelid.	A woman is applying eyeshadow. 
0.000 	 A woman is chopping onion.	A man is doing a card trick. 
2.800 	 Two men are fighting.	Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts. 
3.000 	 A man and a woman walk through the woods.	The man and woman are walking. 
3.091 	 A child is playing a computer game.	A boy is playing a game on a laptop. 
3.538 	 Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.	The women are singing and dancing. 
2.750 	 Men are jumping into water from a bridge.	Men jump in a river. 
2.500 	 The military officer barked at the recruits.	An officer is talking to recruits. 
2.500 	 The man is putting chicken into the container.	A man is putting foods in a box. 
2.250 	 A man is tying on a stenographers machine.	the man used a stenograph. 
3.600 	 A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.	A woman is making noodles. 
1.200 	 A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book.	A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too. 
0.200 	 Two puppies are playing with each other.	Some men are playing soccer. 
1.000 	 A man is running on a field.	A man climbs up a rope. 
0.400 	 A man is hugging someone.	A man is taking a picture. 
2.800 	 Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot.	A man puts vegetables into a pot. 
0.800 	 A man is seasoning some carrots.	A woman is slicing garlic. 
0.000 	 A couple are walking.	Some men are sawing. 
3.500 	 Two men pushed carts through the woods.	Two men are pushing carts. 
3.000 	 A person is playing a guitar.	The man played his guitar. 
3.000 	 A person is adding food in a pan.	A woman puts rice into a pan. 
2.800 	 A group of penguins is walking.	A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean. 
0.000 	 A man is playing a guitar.	Someone is handling a bun. 
0.000 	 A dog is jumping on a trampoline.	A boy is playing a guitar. 
2.200 	 A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink.	A man is emptying a plastic container. 
2.000 	 A man is playing a football.	A man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet. 
3.750 	 A man is walking with a horse.	A man is leading a horse around by it's halter. 
4.000 	 Paper is being cut with scissors.	A piece of paper is being cut. 
4.750 	 The lady peeled the potatoe.	A woman is peeling a potato. 
3.500 	 A person peels shrimp.	The lady peeled the shrimp. 
0.800 	 A man is playing a guitar.	A man tries to read the paper. 
0.800 	 A man making a bed in a hotel.	A man is holding a animal. 
4.000 	 A woman is slicing some tofu.	A woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes. 
1.200 	 A woman is peeling some fish.	A woman is pouring a yellow mixture on a frying pan. 
1.750 	 The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg.	A monkey pulled a dogs tail. 
3.000 	 A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.	A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl. 
0.500 	 People are playing baseball.	The cricket player hit the ball. 
0.250 	 A person is boiling soup.	A woman is placing eggs into a pan. 
0.000 	 A man is jumping rope outside.	A woman is slicing a cucumber. 
0.000 	 A person is slicing some onions.	A hamster is singing. 
0.000 	 A woman holds a kangaroo.	A man in a hat sings a song. 
4.500 	 Someone typed on a keyboard.	Someone is typing. 
3.800 	 Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.	A soccer player scores a goal. 
3.200 	 A woman is cooking something.	A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan. 
3.200 	 A woman is swimming in the beach.	A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves. 
0.800 	 A man is carrying another man.	A man sprays another man with water from a hose. 
1.500 	 The woman is putting paste into a dish.	A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl. 
2.750 	 A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt.	A man is showing a t shirt. 
1.500 	 Three young men run, jump, and kick off of a Coke machine.	Three men are jumping off a wall. 
3.750 	 Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.	The man poured oil on the tomato slices. 
3.200 	 A man is playing the guitar.	The man played his guitar with a friend. 
0.800 	 Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges. 
0.000 	 A person is peeling a potato.	A cat is licking a small bottle. 
0.000 	 A cat is jumping into a box.	A young man is talking to a leaf. 
2.400 	 A young Asian girl is applying eyeliner.	A girl is putting on eye makeup. 
1.400 	 The woman is seasoning the oil.	A woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl. 
3.200 	 A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.	A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it's back. 
2.200 	 A woman dances while a man plays the keyboard.	A woman is dancing on a stage. 
2.533 	 A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.	A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off. 
3.400 	 An explosion is booming in the desert.	A nuclear weapon explodes in a desert. 
0.000 	 A woman slices a lemon.	A man is talking into a microphone. 
0.800 	 An overweight man is skipping rope.	A young man is dancing. 
0.000 	 A cat is walking around a house.	A woman is peeling potato. 
3.200 	 The lady cracked two raw eggs.	The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl. 
0.000 	 A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.	A woman is dancing in the rain. 
0.000 	 Plastic toys are floating in water.	The ladies are performing a dance. 
0.000 	 A woman is dancing.	A man breaks a stick. 
3.000 	 The turtle followed the fish.	A sea turtle is hunting for fish. 
2.800 	 The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.	The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid. 
0.000 	 A man is tying his shoe.	A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders. 
0.000 	 A ballet dancer is performing on stage.	The beaver is being petted. 
0.417 	 A woman is slicing meat with a knife.	A man is spreading out dough. 
0.000 	 A dog is running on the ground.	A girl is tapping her finger nails. 
0.400 	 A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it.	A woman walks her dog onto astro turf. 
2.500 	 A monkey is playing drums.	Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums. 
1.000 	 A man is petting a tied up dog.	A man is showing his dog to the camera. 
2.000 	 A woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them.	A man is walking with several dogs. 
0.000 	 A woman is mincing some garlic.	A person is cleaning a disk. 
0.500 	 A man shoots a basket.	A man is playing a guitar. 
0.000 	 The elephants are bathing.	Two women are singing. 
2.500 	 Two teams are playing soccer.	Different sets of teams are playing football on a field. 
2.000 	 A rat like creature is smelling around.	An animal is walking on the ground. 
2.600 	 A man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground.	Someone is riding a horse. 
0.000 	 Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other.	A man rides a water toy in the water. 
3.600 	 An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces.	A woman is slicing a carrot. 
0.000 	 A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.	A man is spreading butter on a tortilla. 
0.600 	 The man cut up an onion.	A man is dancing. 
2.818 	 A couple are running towards the ocean.	A man and and woman are running together, holding hands. 
3.000 	 A group of people are dancing.	Women are dancing outside. 
0.000 	 A man is playing guitar.	A boy is talking to a giant dog. 
1.600 	 A woman mixes up vegetables.	A woman is adding ingredients to a skillet. 
1.250 	 A woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it.	A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet. 
3.533 	 A woman is chopping a hard egg.	A person is cutting  boiled egg into pieces. 
3.800 	 Two robots share a kiss.	A male and female robot are kissing. 
3.250 	 A cat is trying to touch a dog.	The cat teased the dog by touching his head. 
4.000 	 A woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid.	The woman is pencilling on eye shadow. 
4.000 	 The rhino grazed on the grass.	A rhino is grazing in a field. 
0.000 	 The man drove his little red car around the traffic.	The dog ran in the water at the beach. 
1.000 	 A man is cutting bread.	A man is doing tricks with a soccer ball. 
3.400 	 A woman and man are riding in a car.	A woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her. 
3.600 	 A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.	Pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer. 
2.600 	 A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.	A cat and a boy play together. 
1.400 	 A cat is playing in a box.	The dog is playing with the floor cleaner. 
2.000 	 A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.	A man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread. 
3.200 	 The couple danced in the church.	A couple slow dances. 
3.600 	 The panda bear lay on the logs.	A panda is lying down. 
0.000 	 A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.	A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove. 
0.000 	 A person checks some rice pudding.	A horse is running. 
0.000 	 A girl is dancing in a cage.	A onion is being chopped. 
2.800 	 Five men jump into a swimming pool.	A group of swimmers fall into a pool. 
0.000 	 A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl.	A young girl is singing on a stage. 
0.000 	 The man is playing the drums.	A man pours cleaner in his sink. 
0.000 	 A cat is on a robot.	A man is eating bread. 
3.800 	 A man is slicing a pepper.	A person cuts a big green pepper apart. 
0.643 	 A woman is speaking in sign language.	A woman spices some seafood. 
0.000 	 A boy is crawling into a dog house.	A cat is playing on the floor. 
2.250 	 The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill.	A girl loses her kite. 
1.250 	 A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.	A woman is frying meat. 
3.400 	 A small monkey walks through water.	A monkey is wading across a marsh. 
0.000 	 A man is riding a bike.	A panda bear is eating. 
0.200 	 A young man is singing and playing the piano.	The man is writing a letter. 
0.500 	 A boy takes off his sunglasses.	A boy is screaming. 
0.000 	 A girl is playing a piano.	A boy is doing push ups. 
1.000 	 The lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl.	A woman is pouring eyes into a bowl. 
4.400 	 A cheetah is running behind its prey.	A cheetah chases prey on across a field. 
4.000 	 The lady sliced a tomatoe.	Someone is cutting a tomato. 
0.000 	 Someone is holding a hedgehog.	A onion is being sliced. 
1.000 	 A woman peels a potato.	A woman is grilling pineapples. 
0.000 	 A cat is playing on the floor.	A man is slicing garlic. 
0.000 	 A boy is playing violin on stage.	A person is mixing a pot. 
0.000 	 A cow is eating grass.	A dog is pulling a girl down a hill. 
0.000 	 A cat is drinking some water.	A truck is going down a hill. 
0.000 	 A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.	A youngster is sitting on a piano. 
0.000 	 The man sat in his chair and stared.	The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail. 
1.800 	 A woman is dicing a potato.	A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces. 
2.400 	 The man stirred the sauce for the chicken.	The man is stirring oil. 
1.200 	 A baby is crawling happily.	A baby sneezed and scared another baby. 
0.600 	 A person is frying a meat in the pan.	A man is cutting a vegetable. 
0.250 	 A man is looking out of a window.	A woman is swimming in the water. 
3.250 	 A man seated is playing the guitar.	A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone. 
3.750 	 A dog is barking at a toy.	The little dog barked at the electronic toy. 
1.250 	 A woman is slicing an onion with a knife.	A man is preparing some dish. 
0.400 	 A man jumping rope	A man is talking. 
1.800 	 A woman is peeling an orange.	A woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind. 
4.000 	 A rider is running and jumping her horse.	A woman jumps hurdles on a horse. 
3.250 	 A boy is playing a key-board.	A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light. 
2.500 	 A man is cycling.	A boy is riding a bicycle. 
0.750 	 Two men are fighting.	The man is exercising. 
3.250 	 A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums.	A man is playing a flute. 
2.500 	 Someone is beating an egg.	A woman stirs eggs in a bowl. 
1.200 	 A person is petting a monkey.	A man is holding a slow loris. 
0.083 	 A man is cutting a potato.	A woman plays an electric guitar. 
0.000 	 A woman is slicing ginger.	A person is holding two baby lorises. 
3.800 	 Two cartoon rabbits are kissing.	A rabbit is kissing another rabbit. 
3.400 	 The hedgehog chewed on the towel.	A hedgehog is biting at a blanket. 
0.000 	 A man is buttering a piece of bread.	A slow loris hanging on a cord. 
0.800 	 A man is dragging a dead deer.	A man is jumping into water from a cliff. 
0.000 	 A cat is licking himself.	A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer. 
1.000 	 A woman cuts up some vegetables.	A woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker. 
1.000 	 A man is preparing a snake for cooking.	The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water. 
0.000 	 A woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll.	A kitten is playing with a woman's finger. 
3.500 	 A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.	A Guinea pig eats a carrot. 
3.750 	 Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.	Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them. 
4.500 	 The lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp.	A woman is cleaning a shrimp. 
4.000 	 A man is smoking.	The man sat in his suit and smoked. 
0.250 	 Someone touched the kitten chewing on a string.	Someone is cutting paper. 
0.200 	 A woman is adding sauce to some food.	A person is cutting leaves. 
0.400 	 Meat is being put into a skillet.	A woman is putting a baby into a trash can. 
0.000 	 A baby elephant is eating a small tree.	A little girl peddling a scooter. 
0.000 	 A man plays an acoustic guitar.	A woman and dog are walking together. 
0.000 	 Three children are eating their food.	The deer jumped over the fence. 
0.000 	 A submarine is going through water.	A baby is falling asleep. 
0.800 	 A man is running on a street.	A man plays the guitar. 
0.000 	 A person is slicing an onion.	A cat is pooping into a toilet. 
0.000 	 A badger is digging in the dirt.	A man is moving large rocks. 
0.000 	 A woman is slicing big pepper.	A dog is moving its mouth. 
4.500 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders benefit aujourd' hui of a new luck and let's let them therefore seize it. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs. 
4.250 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are strong of this tax. 
4.500 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30pm 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was not a majority voting in Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
4.667 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has the effect of augmenting the potency of the big countries to the detriment of babies. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishers are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	Leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore take. 
5.000 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 17h30. 
4.000 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The body must be in balance. 
3.500 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are proud often here to represent the citizens of Europe. 
4.750 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(The Parliament adopts legislative resolution) 
3.750 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders benefit aujourd ' hui d ' a new chance and therefore let us let them it grab. 
4.250 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I belong to the Members who are present rather honourably. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
4.333 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It did not not more of the qualified majority in this Parliament to return to the Article 272. 
4.500 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained, at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this modification of Directive. 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes changes to certain paragraphs references. 
4.000 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We take pride often here to represent the European citizens. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
4.750 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	Often we are proud of representing Europe's citizens. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
5.000 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I want to say to you that among our allies, there are fervent of this tax. 
4.750 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I insist on reminding you that among our allies, there are devotees of this tax. 
4.500 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Perhaps we should have been able to prevent a disaster. 
4.750 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential. 
5.000 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has increased the power of the large countries to the detriment of small. 
4.500 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary. 
4.250 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Relation Maij-Weggen (A5-0323/2000) 
4.750 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank-You, Mister the Commissioner. 
4.250 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We we take pride often here of representing the european citizens. 
5.000 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has in fact increased the power of large countries to the detriment of small. 
5.000 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Perhaps then we would have avoided a catastrophe. 
4.500 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	Group must be in equilibrium. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was not either qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the article 272. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs. 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
4.250 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I wish to take the protection of workers of this sector. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs. 
4.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders benefit today of a new chance and thus let the matter. 
4.500 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are rather honourably here. 
4.750 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place with 17h30. 
4.800 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small. 
4.250 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders profit aujourd' hui of a new luck and let us leave them therefore to seize it. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution) 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no more qualified majority voting in this Parliament to come back to Article 272. 
4.750 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It does not was not no longer a majority voting in this Parliament to return to the article 272. 
4.250 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	Given the leaders today a new chance and thus let the approach. 
4.750 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I l ' have already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the root of this modification of directive. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000) 
4.250 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps then able prevent a disaster. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.500 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I want to take the protection of workers. 
4.500 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue supporting Latvia on the question of the Russian population. 
3.000 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of Members who are not properly present. 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
4.750 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax. 
4.000 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve unanimity in the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act. 
4.800 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small. 
4.800 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small. 
4.500 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report In particular A5-0241 -- 2000) 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty to continue supporting the Latvia on the question of the incorporation of the Russian population. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Mr Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000) 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr. President, the Cashman report/ratio can summarize himself in a few words: capacity of the citizens on the bureaucracy. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs. 
4.750 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users are the losers, employees, and European competitiveness and growth rgresseront. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
5.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This regulation point opens the door to the arbitrary one. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
4.800 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	Fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointment. 
4.600 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is that the European Union is involved and that it do so quickly. 
3.000 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of Members who are not properly present. 
4.750 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	Has the effect of increasing the power of the large at the expense of smaller countries. 
4.571 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
4.714 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
4.833 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden (A5-0241 / 2000) 
4.000 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to make the defence of workers in this sector. 
3.500 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one. 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on the bureaucracy. 
4.500 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and European competitiveness and growth will regress. 
4.750 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of large countries at the expense of smaller. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
4.250 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of those Members who are rather honourably here. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population. 
5.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have today of a new opportunity and let them therefore seized. 
4.500 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific assistances like the support of the market or the premium with grass are essential. 
3.750 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members of Parliament who are rather present. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
4.667 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector. 
4.000 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Perhaps we would then have to avoid a disaster. 
4.250 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It suits that the European Union implies itself and that she do it quickly. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
4.500 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The occasional aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential. 
4.750 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to defend workers in the sector. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
4.200 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness. 
4.750 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
4.750 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is right that the European Union is involved, and for this to be done quickly. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
4.250 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain the unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent capacity to act. 
3.500 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, is at the root of this directive. 
4.500 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I hold to the defence of workers in this sector. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population. 
3.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (5 / 2000) 
4.500 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mister the Commissioner. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000) 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of the citizens on bureaucracy. 
4.000 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	On others who are unfortunately in the reason of a vengeance gained. 
5.000 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amended directive. 
4.571 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population. 
4.800 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to paragraphs. 
5.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary. 
4.250 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
4.571 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable. 
4.750 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have now of a new chance and let -- therefore the take. 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy. 
5.000 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We maybe then could have avoided a catastrophe. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
3.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the report Mr Cashman's can be summarised in a few words: the power of people on the tape. 
4.250 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We have the unanimity in the Council and therefore a covert inability to act. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
4.000 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mister the President, I am anxious to take the defense of the workers of this sector. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution) 
4.000 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth Rgresseront. 
4.000 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of the parliamentary ones that are rather present honorably. 
4.400 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential. 
4.250 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve the unanimity to the Counsel and therefore a latent inability to act. 
5.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary. 
3.400 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (5 / 2000) 
4.750 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are unemployed, tired and disappointed. 
3.400 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (5 / 2000) 
4.800 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive. 
4.750 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report Maij-Weggen (A5-0323 / 2000) 
4.750 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The consumers are the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and the growth European rgresseront. 
3.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Horsebox Orden (A5-0241 / 2000) 
4.250 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Some separate themselves unfortunately in view of a grudge gained. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
3.250 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We ourselves often represent European citizens. 
4.750 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with employees, and rgresseront European competitiveness and growth. 
4.500 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
4.667 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector. 
4.167 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
4.500 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the report Cashman can come down in some words: the power of the citizens on officialism. 
4.500 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the protection of workers in this sector. 
4.500 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will place to 17h30. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.500 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will be to 17h30. 
3.250 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	The European Union itself and do so quickly. 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
4.750 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report Maij-Weggen In particular A5-0323 -- 2000) 
4.750 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union is involved and that it makes it quickly. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It did not exist not more qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the item 272. 
4.800 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	All must be balanced. 
4.250 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps then could prevent a disaster. 
4.500 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would remind you that one of our allies, it is very much of this tax. 
3.500 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	D 'other separate themselves unfortunately because of an accumulated grudge. 
4.500 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point in the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
4.750 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass are essential. 
4.000 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mister Preside over it, I insist on taking the defense of the workers of this sector. 
4.000 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That has for effect to increase the power of the big countries to the detriment of the small ones. 
4.500 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that one of our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
4.250 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	The occasional aid as the market or the grass is essential. 
4.400 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential. 
4.600 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mister Commissioner. 
3.833 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
4.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized in two words: the power of the people on the tape. 
3.714 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might then have to avoid a disaster. 
4.333 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen inactive, are tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain amendments in the references to the paragraphs. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.500 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
4.167 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
4.500 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is that the European Union is means and that it be done very soon. 
4.167 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here. 
4.500 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Punctual helps as the support of the market or bonus in the grass are necessary. 
4.250 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be balanced. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000) 
4.200 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness. 
4.000 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of parliamentarians who are rather present honourably. 
4.500 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mister the President, the report Cashman can summarize itself in some words: the strength of the citizens on the bureaucracy. 
3.500 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is that the European Union is involved and that it will soon. 
4.167 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
3.750 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is right that the European Union is it entails, and do so quickly. 
4.500 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I want to stand up for workers of this area. 
4.750 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The unit must be in balance. 
3.250 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep l ' unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
3.250 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	Norms are barely comparable and even less alienable. 
5.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders are here today to a new chance and let them therefore the take. 
5.000 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr. President, I make a point of taking the defense of the workers of this sector. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
3.250 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council and thus a latent failure to act. 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	The report Maij-Weggen, A5-0323/2000 -- 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy. 
4.250 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We we pride often here of representing the European citizens. 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000) 
5.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of Procedure opens the door to the arbitrary. 
4.500 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment. 
4.750 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I want to remind you that of our allies, it is of major of tax. 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
5.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore seize it. 
4.500 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I form part of the members of Parliament who are rather honourably present. 
4.500 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often enorgueillissons ourselves here to represent the European citizens. 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised as follows: the citizens on bureaucracy. 
4.500 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs. 
4.750 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly. 
4.250 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I am anxious to recall you that among our allies, there is fervent of this tax. 
4.250 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Punctual help as the support of the market or the bonus at the grass is essential. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population. 
4.750 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would remind you that our allies, devotees of this tax. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs. 
4.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders are today a new chance and thus let. 
4.750 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There did not exist either of majority qualified within this Parliament to return in article 272. 
5.000 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 17h30. 
4.250 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are proud often of representing the European citizens here. 
4.167 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
4.750 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report maij-weggen (A5-0323/2000) 
4.250 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	, The Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -- 
4.500 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid, support or market at grass is essential. 
4.500 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Support specific as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary. 
4.250 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Punctual assistance as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential. 
3.833 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe. 
4.000 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated. 
4.750 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are enthusiasts of this tax. 
4.750 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden (A5-0241/2000) 
4.167 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here. 
4.571 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable. 
4.000 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated. 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy. 
4.750 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That has as effect to increase the power of the great countries to the detriment of the small ones. 
4.250 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others are parting unfortunately because of a rancune gained. 
4.250 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other divide unfortunately due to a accumulated ill-will. 
3.750 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other diverge unfortunately owing to an accumulated vengeance. 
4.500 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax. 
4.750 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential. 
5.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore seize it. 
5.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary. 
4.500 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of resentment accumulated. 
4.500 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was not majority qualified within this Parliament to bring back to the article 272 either. 
4.250 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others unfortunately diverge in response to rancune gained. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
4.750 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I wish to take the protection of workers of the sector. 
4.750 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place on 17: 30. 
4.714 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable. 
5.000 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has to effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small. 
4.000 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We could perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster. 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
4.250 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained to us at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
5.000 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This is to increase the power of the large countries at the expense of small. 
4.667 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector. 
4.800 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	All must be balanced. 
4.750 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and European competitiveness and the growth will regress. 
4.571 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable. 
4.333 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Others separate themselves unfortunately because of an amassed grudge. 
4.667 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	Fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	The European Union must be involved and do so quickly. 
3.714 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might then have to avoid a disaster. 
4.250 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and European growth rgresseront. 
1.500 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This paves the way for the of the Rules of Procedure here. 
4.750 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already said in the second reading, a crisis is at the basis of this amendment of directive. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	In particular Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.500 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that among our allies, there are ardent supporters of this tax. 
5.000 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is at the basis of this modification of directive. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population. 
5.000 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is important that the European Union itself and to do it quickly. 
4.750 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small. 
4.167 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here. 
5.000 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is to the basis of this amendment of the directive. 
4.600 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster. 
4.714 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable. 
3.750 	 Tunisia	Tunisia was 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	The amendment 7 proposes some modifications in the references to the paragraphs. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mr Commissioner. 
5.000 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is important that the European Union to be involved and to do it quickly. 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
4.800 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated. 
3.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Relation Horse-Trailer Orden (A5-0241/2000) 
4.500 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders are today of a new chance and therefore let us take it. 
5.000 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarized briefly: the power of the people on bureaucracy. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.500 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union is and what it implies does it quickly. 
4.500 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to press for Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian people. 
4.167 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
5.000 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive. 
4.750 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are to death similar and even less transferable. 
5.000 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is necessary that the European Union gets involved and that it makes it fast. 
5.000 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	Has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of the smaller countries. 
3.750 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The together must be in balance. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population. 
3.833 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs. 
4.000 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve the unanimity at the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act. 
4.000 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The unity must be in balance. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
4.750 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Mrs Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
4.250 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users are the losers, with workers and European competitiveness and innovation rgresseront. 
4.000 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster. 
4.800 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in a few words: the power of citizens on bureaucracy. 
4.800 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained it in second reading, a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive. 
4.000 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have explained, a crisis at second reading is the basis of amendment of the directive. 
4.000 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We enorgueillissons ourselves often here to represent the European citizens. 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
5.000 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323 / 2000) 
4.750 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That causes to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population. 
4.750 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
4.400 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is our duty of continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people. 
5.000 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 17h30. 
5.000 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We could perhaps then have avoided a catastrophe. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
4.714 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable. 
3.714 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might then have to avoid a disaster. 
4.250 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in Council and therefore a latent incapacity to act. 
4.750 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	It did not exist either qualified majority in this Parliament to return to article 272. 
4.000 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would maybe then have been able to avoid a disaster. 
4.000 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Consumers will be the losers, with workers and competitiveness and growth regress. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
4.600 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000) 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
3.750 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are often here to represent the citizens of Europe. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
4.750 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	It has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries, to the detriment of the small ones. 
4.167 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here. 
4.500 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and growth regress. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.571 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable. 
4.250 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of the Members who are rather present. 
4.000 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We preserve the unanimity to the Advice and therefore a latent inability to act. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241 / 2000) 
3.000 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It suits that the European Union is implied and that it makesit rapidly. 
2.750 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We are often here to represent the European citizens. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are idle, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mr Commissioner. 
4.000 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth Rgresseront. 
4.500 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The norms are hardly comparable and still less transferable. 
4.500 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I want to remind you that of our allies, it is of much of this tax. 
5.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulations opens the door to the arbitrary one. 
2.750 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Mrs Maij-Weggen's report (5 / 2000) 
4.750 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mr President, the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words: the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy. 
5.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This point of the regulations opens the door to arbitrary power. 
4.167 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
4.250 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	A specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential. 
4.500 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This Regulation opens the door to the arbitrary. 
4.750 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the European competitiveness and growth will recede. 
4.500 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here in representing the European citizens. 
4.750 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population. 
2.500 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Mister the Police chief. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Van Orden report (A5-0241/2000) 
4.833 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
4.333 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it. 
4.750 	 Mr President, the Cashman report can be summarised in four words: citizens' power over bureaucracy.	Mister Preside over it, the relation Cashman can amount in some words: the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy. 
3.000 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	D ' others part unfortunately in reason d ' a collected resentment. 
4.500 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty of continuing press Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population. 
4.500 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	All must be in balance. 
5.000 	 Tunisia	Tunisia 
4.571 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden (A5-0241 / 2000) 
3.500 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am part of the members of parliament who are rather honorably present. 
4.167 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act. 
5.000 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders profit today from a new chance and thus let them seize it. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(the Parliament adopts the legislative resolution) 
4.750 	 It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries.	That was to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small. 
3.500 	 I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully.	I am one of those Members who are quite properly here. 
4.000 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This regulation opens the door to the arbitrary. 
4.750 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I already explained it in second reading, a crisis is located to the basis of this modification of directive. 
4.750 	 Maij-Weggen report (A5-0323/2000)	Report/ratio Maij-Weggen (A5-0323/2000) 
4.750 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I make a point of recalling you that among our allies, there are enthusiasts of this tax. 
4.400 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth will diminish. 
5.000 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained in second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive. 
4.400 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with employees, and European competitiveness and growth will diminish. 
4.667 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector. 
4.500 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report/ratio Van Orden (A5-0241/2000) 
4.500 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I should like to take the defence of workers in this sector. 
4.500 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users will be the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and the European growths will decline. 
4.667 	 There must be a balance as a whole.	The whole must be in balance. 
3.750 	 Unanimous decisions, and hence an inherent incapacity to act, remain largely the norm in the Council.	We keep unanimity in the Council, and therefore a latent inability to act. 
3.750 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	The users are the losers, with the employees, and the competitiveness and growth european rgresseront. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 Thank you, Commissioner.	Thank you, Commissioner. 
4.667 	 Mr President, I rise in defence of the workers in the industry.	Mr President, I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector. 
4.250 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The norms are scarcely comparable and again less transfrables. 
4.250 	 Selective aid, such as market support and a grass subsidy, are essential.	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to the paragraphs. 
4.750 	 Consumers will lose out, employees will lose out, Europe will lose competitive strength and growth.	Consumers will be the losers, with employees, and competitiveness and growth rgresseront European. 
5.000 	 (Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)	(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution) 
4.500 	 The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it.	The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore take. 
3.000 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The rules are comparable only good, let alone. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment 7 offers certain modifications in references to paragraphs. 
5.000 	 Van Orden Report (A5-0241/2000)	Report Van Orden, A5-0241/2000 -- 
4.250 	 That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness.	This regulation opens the door to arbitrariness. 
4.000 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union is implied and that it does it quickly. 
5.000 	 Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs.	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
4.250 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We would perhaps have been able to then avoid a disaster. 
4.429 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 
4.250 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	Often we pride ourselves here to represent the people of Europe. 
4.714 	 The standards are scarcely comparable, let alone transferable.	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable. 
5.000 	 The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed.	The fishermen are inactive, tired and disappointed. 
5.000 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is at the root of this amendment of directive. 
4.800 	 As I already explained during second reading, there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment.	As I have already explained at second reading, a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive. 
4.750 	 The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly.	It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly. 
4.500 	 Unfortunately, others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred.	Other separate unfortunately a accumulated resentment. 
4.250 	 Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe.	We might have been able to prevent a disaster. 
4.250 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I would like to remind you that one of our allies, there are strong this tax. 
5.000 	 It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population.	It is of our duty of continue to support the country on the issue of the integration of the Russian people. 
4.750 	 The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.	Vote will take place at 17 h 30. 
5.000 	 Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272.	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272. 
4.000 	 Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax.	I hold you recall that our allies, there are enthusiastic about this tax. 
3.833 	 We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe.	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe. 
5.000 	 render one language in another language	restate (words) from one language into another language. 
3.250 	 nations unified by shared interests, history or institutions	a group of nations having common interests. 
3.250 	 convert into absorbable substances, (as if) with heat or chemical process	soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action, heat, or moisture. 
4.000 	 devote or adapt exclusively to an skill, study, or work	devote oneself to a special area of work. 
3.250 	 elevated wooden porch of a house	a porch that resembles the deck on a ship. 
4.000 	 either half of an archery bow	either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip. 
3.333 	 a removable device that is an accessory to larger object	a supplementary part or accessory. 
4.750 	 restrict or confine	place limits on (extent or access). 
0.500 	 orient, be positioned	be opposite. 
4.750 	 Bring back to life, return from the dead	cause to become alive again. 
3.750 	 anything illusory, not concrete or real	something with no concrete substance. 
4.000 	 a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing	a name given to a product or service. 
1.500 	 the processing or operation of something	a set sequence of steps, part of larger computer program. 
2.500 	 line, cover	cover the front or surface of. 
4.250 	 determine a standard; estimate a capacity or measurement	estimate the value of. 
3.500 	 an interpretation, an account or reading of an event or situation	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something. 
4.250 	 festive social event, celebration	an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment. 
5.000 	 Make fine adjustments to for optimal    operation; adjust to a certain scale.	make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring. 
3.750 	 a short lyric or poem intended to be sung	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain. 
2.750 	 effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity	handle effectively. 
3.500 	 employ or become employed in a position	appoint someone to (a position or a job). 
3.500 	 group of people defined by a specific profession	organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical). 
3.500 	 storage cabinet furniture	office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order. 
4.250 	 Signal (approval or interest) by winking; briefly shut one eye.	signal by winking. 
2.750 	 capital stock in a corporation	any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate. 
2.250 	 prove or corroborate	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts. 
3.750 	 (the content of) a communication.	a communication (usually brief) that is written or spoken or signaled. 
3.000 	 a partial denture	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth. 
2.750 	 move to a lower position, terminate something	terminate an association with. 
2.500 	 flow, as of liquids	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating. 
2.250 	 seal, insulate or protect	treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it, as with blankets or sheets, and applying compresses to it, or stuffing it to provide cover, containment, or therapy, or to absorb blood. 
2.500 	 scar physically; create a mark on someone or something	make underscoring marks. 
3.500 	 Surround completely; close in, as if with a    covering or border.	surround completely. 
1.250 	 the act or event of ending a process, state, situation	the end of a word (a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme). 
0.000 	 the price of a good or service	an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence. 
2.000 	 depict or portray in art, words, or model	create an image or likeness of. 
0.750 	 travel in or be shaped like a zigzag	bend into the shape of a crank. 
4.250 	 Annoy, harass, or mock, perhaps playfully.	mock or make fun of playfully. 
0.000 	 (Cause to) smell bad.	be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance. 
4.000 	 social ranking or position	the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society. 
3.250 	 ponder, consider, observe carefully	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning. 
4.333 	 persuade or achieve acceptance	persuade somebody to accept something. 
5.000 	 physical matter left behind after a removal process	matter that remains after something has been removed. 
3.500 	 any tall, vertical shape	anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower. 
4.750 	 physically inflate	become inflated. 
3.000 	 heavy radioactive metallic element, atomic number 92	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons. 
3.000 	 Complain about something or say mean things    to someone.	say mean things. 
3.750 	 care about, be bothered by, be concerned by	be offended or bothered by; take offense with, be bothered by. 
2.750 	 the tallied points of a game, at a given time	a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest. 
2.250 	 edit so as to block the truth; prevent distribution	subject to political, religious, or moral censorship. 
2.500 	 a casual, brief meeting with someone	a casual or unexpected convergence. 
4.250 	 an electrical connection between conductor and earth	a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body, such as the earth (which is taken to be at zero voltage). 
4.000 	 an agent's act of terminating an activity or event	the act of ending something. 
4.500 	 notable or famous persons (real or fictional)	a well-known or notable person. 
3.750 	 a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine	an agent that operates some apparatus or machine. 
3.250 	 find, determine the place of	determine or indicate the place, site, or limits of, as if by an instrument or by a survey. 
4.250 	 to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature	act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose. 
3.750 	 be equivalent, have the same effect as something	be tantamount or equivalent to. 
1.000 	 (cause to) survive	cause to move by pulling. 
1.000 	 the money	a voluntary gift (as of money or service or ideas) made to some worthwhile cause. 
3.750 	 a sudden emotional vocalization	a loud utterance of emotion (especially when inarticulate). 
4.000 	 go back, restore, revive	go back to a previous state. 
2.750 	 settlement of people distant from their homeland	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government. 
3.750 	 (The discovery or exhibition of) factual evidence that establishes the truth of something.	a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it. 
1.500 	 enter a realm, become involved with	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition. 
3.250 	 a project or undertaking	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something. 
4.000 	 a standardized system of measurements for heaviness	a system of units used to express the weight of something. 
4.500 	 a concern or affair	some situation or event that is thought about. 
2.000 	 have a strong sexual attraction to	feel or have a desire for; want strongly. 
1.500 	 a surrogate expression, utterance for a taboo word	a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing. 
4.000 	 facility for secure storage of things, often money	a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping. 
3.750 	 emit or cause to emit noise	make a certain noise or sound. 
2.333 	 make physical contact with, possibly with the effect of physically manipulating.	cause to be in brief contact with. 
2.500 	 find out or be informed of a new information, understand or realize	get to know or become aware of, usually accidentally. 
4.500 	 head of a country	the chief executive of a republic. 
3.000 	 Touch with the lips.	touch with the lips or press the lips (against someone's mouth or other body part) as an expression of love, greeting, etc.. 
2.750 	 a natural physical force of drawing towards something	the force used in pulling. 
3.000 	 a change which is a decrease	a gradual decrease; as of stored charge or current. 
3.000 	 an evaluation, an estimation of worth, a grade	a number or letter indicating quality (especially of a student's performance). 
1.750 	 having responsibility for managing or supervising	an impetuous rush toward someone or something. 
4.000 	 fail or suffer failure	suffer failure, as in some enterprise. 
4.000 	 an abundance of something	the property of copious abundance. 
3.750 	 An authoritative text or the corresponding citation.	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage. 
0.500 	 An instance of visual perception.	(often followed by `of') a large number or amount or extent. 
2.500 	 fluctuate, move back and forth	sway to and fro. 
1.500 	 the alleviation of distress	a change for the better. 
2.800 	 A ceremony marking admission into a religious community.	a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church. 
3.400 	 a social gesture of deferential greeting	a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard. 
0.000 	 move to a new location, state, or situation	cause (a computer) to execute a single command. 
1.600 	 Change one for another	give to, and receive from, one another. 
4.000 	 a full stop, as a punctuation mark	a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations. 
3.250 	 something that is craved	something craved, especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug. 
3.500 	 to grow rapidly	increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner. 
3.500 	 Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice, as          either an animal or human might.	make high-pitched sounds. 
2.500 	 domesticated animals kept for use or profit	a special variety of domesticated animals within a species. 
2.250 	 a discipline, a branch of knowledge	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings. 
3.333 	 a person who is aggressively pursued, chased	a person who is the aim of an attack (especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation) by some hostile person or influence. 
2.250 	 personnel casualty	military personnel lost by death or capture. 
3.250 	 escape or avoid a situation or responsibility	use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid. 
4.000 	 a relative loss in price, value	a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value. 
3.750 	 a measurable or quantitative decrease	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity. 
3.500 	 Change the key, pitch, tone, or volume of,    likely for aesthetic reasons.	change the key of, in music. 
5.000 	 a written message of nonacceptance	a message refusing to accept something that is offered. 
0.500 	 (cause to) stop speaking or bring about silence	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed; make shut. 
3.500 	 injure, scratch the surface	cut the surface of; wear away the surface of. 
2.000 	 A plant structure near the top of the plant.	a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom. 
2.500 	 a written list of particular things being offered	a list of particulars (as a playbill or bill of fare). 
3.500 	 a notational mark used in writing, diacritic	a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation. 
3.250 	 the state of believing in, or having confidence in, something or someone	the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others. 
4.500 	 an attempt or effort to achieve a goal	an attempt to get something. 
2.750 	 increase in amount, extent, or intensity	go up or advance. 
3.250 	 clean, wash thoroughly	clean with hard rubbing. 
2.000 	 compress out of shape or into small pieces	become injured, broken, or distorted by pressure. 
4.000 	 point or direct object, weapon, or blow at something or someone	point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards. 
0.750 	 employ or utilize, put into service	give or convey physically. 
2.500 	 Spin, wind, braid, or twist together,    perhaps as when performing lacework.	do lacework. 
4.250 	 a decorative container, often for holding flowers	an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers. 
2.000 	 preserve, keep in safety, use frugally	preserve with sugar. 
2.250 	 an open motorboat used for transport	a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck. 
2.750 	 a process of development, increase or advancement	a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important. 
3.500 	 Make sure of.	be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something. 
2.250 	 supply or furnish with something needed or wanted	give something useful or necessary to. 
4.000 	 a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair	edge tool used in shaving. 
2.000 	 learn, assimilate a body of knowledge	learn by reading books. 
0.750 	 support; hold up; nurture or provide for	lengthen or extend in duration or space. 
4.000 	 keep away, prevent from happening, or not do something	refrain from doing something. 
3.500 	 Something that provides advice.	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action. 
2.000 	 The act of copying the actions of someone else.	a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect. 
2.500 	 a physical entity	a separate and self-contained entity. 
2.500 	 lessen in force, impact, or effect	make less severe or harsh. 
4.000 	 a judgement or opinion about something	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody. 
2.750 	 flog or whip	beat severely with a whip or rod. 
2.250 	 act, form, or progress according to a plan or ideal	shape or influence; give direction to. 
3.500 	 Germinate, as in a plant.	produce buds, branches, or germinate. 
1.000 	 social sphere, scope of activity or interest	a particular environment or walk of life. 
4.500 	 a static vertical layout, e.g. text or numbers	a vertical array of numbers or other information. 
2.500 	 recognize, be familar or well-versed with	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information; possess knowledge or information about. 
2.500 	 a portrayal of someone or something, through words or behavior	any likeness of a person, in any medium. 
2.750 	 a device to control the rate of some activity, e.g., chemical or mechanical	any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow, pressure, temperature, etc.. 
3.750 	 Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole.	cause to form a united, orderly, and aesthetically consistent whole. 
4.000 	 human legs, informal usage	informal terms for the leg. 
3.750 	 goal or objective	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable). 
1.750 	 protect from heat, cold, or other detrimental conditions	place or set apart. 
0.750 	 an allotment or percentage of something	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group. 
2.750 	 something that attains victory	an event that accomplishes its intended purpose. 
4.500 	 line up or make parallel; bring into proper adjustment	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight. 
3.750 	 a home furnishing that is a fabric cover	bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering (an afghan or bedspread) that is casually thrown over something. 
3.500 	 meshed frame over windows and doors	a protective covering consisting of netting; can be mounted in a frame. 
3.750 	 a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event	a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible. 
4.000 	 Anyone who judges or finds fault with something.	someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments. 
2.200 	 the rescue or release of someone, something	recovery or preservation from loss or danger. 
3.200 	 observe, perceive	observe with care or pay close attention to. 
2.800 	 limit, keep under control, deter, forbid	to compel or deter by or as if by threats. 
2.800 	 stick out, jut out, protrude	extend out or project in space. 
4.500 	 to act as the host of	be the host of or for. 
2.000 	 put an end to, make invalid a process that's already begun	make invalid for use. 
1.000 	 enjoy, be fond of or approve	feel about or towards; consider, evaluate, or regard. 
2.750 	 per centum	a proportion in relation to a whole (which is usually the amount per hundred). 
3.750 	 an approximate attribute or quality of something	an approximate definition or example. 
4.250 	 The act of having and controlling property.	the state or fact of being an owner. 
2.250 	 a physical protuberance, large or small	a natural elevation (especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea). 
3.500 	 estimate or calculate the numerical value of something	evaluate or estimate the nature, quality, ability, extent, or significance of. 
0.500 	 a portion or percentage of a whole	the part played by a person in bringing about a result. 
3.250 	 lightest most abundant element, atomic number 1	a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe. 
0.000 	 a unit cost of something	a single chance or instance. 
2.000 	 move back and forth	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern. 
2.250 	 a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system	a period of time containing 365 (or 366) days. 
2.250 	 face an event and survive; endure	face and withstand with courage. 
4.000 	 (medicine) the capacity of an organism to defend against disease.	(medicine) the condition in which an organism can resist disease. 
3.000 	 a statement, an idea expressed in language	a brief statement. 
3.500 	 perform a duty	do duty or hold offices; serve in a specific function. 
3.250 	 soldier who is a member of a special forces group	a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids. 
4.000 	 become master of, overcome, dominate	get on top of; deal with successfully. 
0.500 	 area of damaged, cut tissue on a living body	a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat. 
1.750 	 revolve	change directions as if revolving on a pivot. 
4.000 	 twice the quantity or amount of something	a quantity that is twice as great as another. 
3.250 	 Give an incentive for action, provoke or    stir up, urge on, or cause to act.	provoke or stir up. 
3.000 	 Funeral direction	the trade of a funeral director. 
4.250 	 to ignite or catch on fire	catch fire. 
2.750 	 a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing	a concentrated example of something. 
3.000 	 Medicines	a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic. 
3.750 	 a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem. 
2.000 	 reach an objective, attain a benchmark or goal	develop in a positive way. 
1.600 	 take something or someone away from somewhere	go away or leave. 
1.000 	 a stiffener in a garment	(nautical) brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar. 
3.800 	 a constructed underground passageway	a passageway through or under something, usually underground (especially one for trains or cars). 
2.250 	 discern, identify, or know because of a previous experience	be fully aware or cognizant of. 
3.000 	 move or change one's own position or quality	move very slightly. 
1.750 	 incorporate or enclose one thing in another	incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating. 
1.750 	 guide, draw through	pass over, across, or through. 
3.400 	 rescue, redeem, deliver from harm or danger	refrain from harming. 
4.000 	 beat (as if) with a whip or rod	strike as if by whipping. 
4.400 	 the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus	manual turning of a fetus in the uterus (usually to aid delivery). 
2.600 	 create an edge or border	enclose in or as if in a frame. 
2.250 	 restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause	take up or begin anew. 
2.750 	 capture, ensnare, discover in the act	discover or come upon accidentally, suddenly, or unexpectedly; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state. 
3.250 	 initiation, founding, introduction of something	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new. 
2.750 	 a creased or bent form	an angular or rounded shape made by folding. 
4.500 	 train, tutor or polish social behavior, taste, judgement	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment. 
3.250 	 a mental activity of construing or interpreting	an interpretation of a text or action. 
4.250 	 emphasize; draw attention to; underline	draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to. 
2.000 	 possibility for the future	a prediction of the course of a disease. 
3.250 	 require or need something that is missing	have need of. 
2.750 	 an indication or manifestation of something, often physical	an indication of damage. 
3.750 	 a sudden, brief burst of light	a momentary brightness. 
2.250 	 come or bring back to life, health, existence or use	cause to regain consciousness. 
3.250 	 A mental state of sadness.	a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity. 
3.750 	 position or location change	the act of changing the location of something. 
3.750 	 (cause to) move through a space, circuit or system, usu. returning to the starting point	move in circles. 
3.750 	 bring in to consonance	bring (several things) into consonance or relate harmoniously. 
1.500 	 submit, send to	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition. 
3.750 	 state of being unified	the state of being joined or united or linked. 
3.000 	 (Cause to) become different or aquire a          different character, possibly during development.	become distinct and acquire a different character. 
3.500 	 an objective or goal	the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable). 
3.500 	 seize and take captive; take or gain possession of something	take possession of by force, as after an invasion. 
3.250 	 give, dedicate, pledge	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause. 
4.000 	 decide a specific time for an event	make a schedule; plan the time and place for events. 
4.750 	 value a thing or course of action more highly than another	like better; value more highly. 
3.750 	 give something for a cause	give to a charity or good cause. 
3.750 	 furnish with a guideline	furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics. 
2.500 	 a social entreaty, as courtship or pleading	a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank. 
2.250 	 fail in strength or health and cease to funtion	break down, literally or metaphorically. 
3.667 	 reply verbally or in written form to a question, comment, letter, or speech	react verbally. 
3.750 	 a slight cut in a physical surface	a slight surface cut (especially a notch that is made to keep a tally). 
3.250 	 cause something to be the case	cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition. 
4.000 	 a state of confinement in a small space	the act of forcing yourself (or being forced) into or through a restricted space. 
4.000 	 state or explain the meaning	give a definition for the meaning of a word. 
1.250 	 cause animals to move	pursue for food or sport (as of wild animals). 
4.500 	 be against, resist	act against or in opposition to. 
4.250 	 a quantity of money added to a bank account	money deposited in a bank or some similar institution. 
3.250 	 cause to come into existence; create	bring into being. 
2.500 	 Performance, routine	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program. 
4.250 	 people assembled together in a rhythmic movement	a party of people assembled for dancing. 
3.000 	 a computer server	(computer science) a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network. 
2.250 	 forbid, prohibit	forbid the public distribution of ( a movie or a newspaper). 
3.000 	 computer text files	(computer science) a computer file that contains text (and possibly formatting instructions) using seven-bit ASCII characters. 
2.250 	 a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something	an acknowledgment of appreciation. 
3.333 	 a state of pretending to be someone, something else	an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something. 
2.750 	 Become widespread as an idea or feeling.	cause to become widely known. 
0.000 	 connect with; reach a target or goal	perceive with the senses quickly, suddenly, or momentarily. 
4.750 	 income collected as tax by a government	government income due to taxation. 
2.000 	 be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome	shape or influence; give direction to. 
3.000 	 end	put an end to. 
4.500 	 a region allocated to hold something	the particular portion of space occupied by something. 
0.750 	 acknowledge a contribution or cause	have trust in; trust in the truth or veracity of. 
2.000 	 arrangement	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements. 
3.750 	 system of arrangement	an arrangement scheme. 
3.750 	 close within bounds; deprive of freedom	to close within bounds, limit or hold back from movement. 
4.750 	 to collect, acquire or gather	get or gather together. 
0.500 	 deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length	censure severely or angrily. 
5.000 	 a pair of mated people, e.g., married	a pair of people who live together. 
4.750 	 rot; become unfit for consumption	become unfit for consumption or use. 
3.250 	 lock with one another	become engaged or intermeshed with one another. 
4.500 	 take vows, join or allow to join a religious order	take vows, as in religious order. 
4.750 	 activity of selling	the general activity of selling. 
4.500 	 give out, allow to have	allow to have. 
4.750 	 secondary public school, grades 9-12	a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12. 
3.000 	 Benjamin Rush, physician and American Revolutionary leader.	physician and American Revolutionary leader; signer of the Declaration of Independence (1745-1813). 
2.500 	 luggage compartment of a car	British term for the luggage compartment in a car. 
4.500 	 have a monopoly of; control fully	have or exploit a monopoly of. 
3.750 	 reduce to a simpler molecular compound	reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking. 
2.500 	 cause to be interested	attract; cause to be enamored. 
3.500 	 To remain emotionally or intellectually          attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached. 
4.750 	 The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates.	transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates. 
4.500 	 (An occurance of) the preservation or management of natural resources.	the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources. 
4.000 	 remove the pod, husk or shell	fall out of the pod or husk. 
4.000 	 abstain from eating or from certain foods	abstain from eating. 
4.000 	 feel hot or painful, as if burning	feel hot or painful. 
4.750 	 (cause to) return after being refused	come back after being refused. 
4.250 	 a loss of function	loss of ability to function normally. 
3.500 	 administrator, one who controls resources	someone who controls resources and expenditures. 
3.750 	 a stovetop, cooking appliance	a kitchen appliance used for cooking food. 
4.500 	 rinse one's mouth with mouthwash, gargle	rinse one's mouth and throat with mouthwash. 
4.000 	 a quantity that is an approximate calculation	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth. 
4.000 	 turn on an axis; spin	turn on or around an axis or a center. 
5.000 	 marriage offer	an offer of marriage. 
3.500 	 Try to gain favor by flattering or showing    submission or fear.	show submission or fear. 
4.250 	 the public submission of a legal record	the entering of a legal document into the public record. 
4.000 	 Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly. 
4.250 	 have faith in, bet on	have faith or confidence in. 
4.250 	 burst into flames (telic)	start to burn or burst into flames. 
4.500 	 The cognitive processes and capacity to remember.	the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered. 
4.000 	 mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal	enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it. 
5.000 	 an onerous worry or concern	an onerous or difficult concern. 
5.000 	 someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations	someone (or something) on which expectations are centered. 
3.333 	 a sharp side of an object	a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object. 
2.750 	 the forceful hit of a ball	hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver. 
3.500 	 Fine powdery material; the remains of something destroyed or broken up.	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up. 
2.000 	 throw with force	utter with force; utter vehemently. 
4.000 	 Treat a substance with some agent; add an    agent to.	treat with an agent; add (an agent) to. 
3.500 	 pass through the esophagus	pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking. 
4.750 	 move freely (usually within a bounded space)	cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space. 
3.500 	 secrete or form water	secrete or form water, as tears or saliva. 
4.000 	 the state of being in contact	the state of being connected. 
3.500 	 a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme	the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration (usually half the length of the original). 
3.750 	 time to come	the time yet to come. 
4.750 	 the legal state of owing money	the state of owing something (especially money). 
4.500 	 a style and size of typeset	a specific size and style of type within a type family. 
4.000 	 demand, ask for, or take as one's due	demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to. 
3.500 	 Cause to be distrusted or rejected; damage the reputation of.	damage the reputation of. 
3.000 	 Give equal rights to, as of the right to vote.	give equal rights to; of women and minorities. 
3.000 	 (cause to) lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm	lengthen in time; cause to be or last longer. 
4.750 	 a knapsack, bundle on the back	a bundle (especially one carried on the back). 
4.250 	 a person who delivers information or goods	a person who conveys (carries or transmits). 
4.250 	 having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something	an intuitive understanding of something. 
5.000 	 adherence to moral principles	adhering to moral principles. 
5.000 	  have sex with	have sexual intercourse with. 
4.750 	 partake or provide a banquet	partake in a feast or banquet. 
4.750 	 idolize/show devotion to	show devotion to (a deity). 
5.000 	 make a ticking sound	make a clicking or ticking sound. 
3.250 	 run or flow slowly	run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream. 
4.500 	 Write a computer programme.	write a computer program. 
5.000 	 a state of social order in conformance with existing law	a state of order in which events conform to the law. 
4.500 	 An electronic storage device.	an electronic memory device. 
4.250 	 a reference line used to align lettering	a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters. 
3.750 	 the quality of dedication, fixity of purpose	the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose. 
4.000 	 Look furtively at something.	look furtively. 
3.500 	 cast off, get rid of something	get rid of. 
4.250 	 recover posession or get back again	get or find back; recover the use of. 
4.750 	 a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element	(statistics) a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance. 
4.000 	 (cause to) move around	cause to move round and round. 
3.000 	 become due	become due for repayment. 
3.500 	 Provide medical care for.	provide veterinary care for. 
3.750 	 do over, make new	make new. 
4.500 	 coat, cover, or treat the surface of	put a coat on; cover the surface of; furnish with a surface. 
4.000 	 BASEBALL: strike out a batter	strike out (a batter), (of a pitcher). 
3.250 	 Regain or make up for, as of a financial loss.	regain or make up for. 
4.750 	 duplicate, match	duplicate or match. 
4.250 	 indistinct vocal articulations	indistinct articulation. 
4.000 	 the act of shoving something away	the act of applying force in order to move something away. 
5.000 	 move or drive forcefully as if by a punch.	drive forcibly as if by a punch. 
4.750 	 an intense surprise, often unpleasant	an unpleasant or disappointing surprise. 
4.250 	 Make less emotionally hostile; win over          mentally or emotionally.	make less hostile; win over. 
4.250 	 informal usage for a domestic cat, often young	informal terms referring to a domestic cat. 
4.750 	 The act of sorting one thing from others.	sorting one thing from others. 
4.000 	 the act of physically affixing or connecting things	the act of fastening things together. 
4.000 	 the people who dwell in a camp	a group of people living together in a camp. 
5.000 	 An unforseen development.	an unforeseen development. 
3.000 	 bring into general popular/common use	cater to popular taste to make popular and present to the general public; bring into general or common use. 
3.250 	 make impure; make radioactive	make impure. 
4.750 	 a long, thin implement, usually made of wood	an implement consisting of a length of wood. 
4.000 	 Formally reject or disavow a formerly held    belief; retract a statement.	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief, usually under pressure. 
2.250 	 (Cause to) to turn to the left side.	turn or go to the port or left side, of a ship. 
3.750 	 Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result	impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result. 
4.250 	 Physically attach to something.	fix to; attach. 
4.750 	 assign to a particular task	assign to a specific task. 
3.750 	 culminating event	be the culminating event. 
4.750 	 act of constructing	the act of constructing something. 
4.750 	 the primary information-processing component of a computer, of a microprocessor chip	(computer science) the part of a computer (a microprocessor chip) that does most of the data processing. 
4.000 	 consider again, usually with a view to changing	consider again (a bill) that had been voted upon before, with a view to altering it. 
3.500 	 cancel, reverse, annul	cancel, annul, or reverse an action or its effect. 
4.500 	 define; determine essential qualities of	determine the essential quality of. 
3.250 	 The pursuit and killing or capture of animals.	the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport. 
3.500 	 manipulate the registers of a musical instrument	manipulate the registers of an organ. 
3.750 	 move in an irregular course	move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course. 
4.000 	 the legal granting or bestowment of rights	the act of granting rights. 
3.750 	 jolt of electrical current to the body	a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body. 
4.000 	 Become pregnant.	become pregnant; undergo conception. 
3.750 	 the bestowing of a franchise, enfranchisment	the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on. 
3.750 	 act of distributing	the act of apportioning or distributing something. 
4.500 	 The state of being more than satisfied or satiated.	the state of being more than full. 
4.000 	 conscious subjective emotion or desire	the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion. 
3.750 	 The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something.	the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election. 
4.000 	 to hunt snipe	hunt or shoot snipe. 
3.500 	 hunt for hawks	hunt with hawks. 
1.750 	 a continuous horizontal layer of brick	(construction) a layer of masonry. 
3.750 	 a brief attempt at some endeavor	a usually brief attempt. 
4.000 	 propagation of waves back from a surface	the phenomenon of a propagating wave (light or sound) being thrown back from a surface. 
3.500 	 examine minutely; search diligently	examine minutely. 
3.000 	 enjoy, be fond of or approve	be fond of. 
5.000 	 a person under the guardianship or custody of another	a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another. 
4.750 	 Strike or hit sharply, perhaps as in sport.	strike sharply, as in some sports. 
5.000 	 Fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane. 
4.750 	 one fourth of a year	a fourth part of a year; three months. 
2.750 	 make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive	make tight or tighter. 
4.500 	 provide (a person or group) with power or authority	provide with power and authority. 
3.750 	 Run at a moderately swift pace, as for exercise.	run at a moderately swift pace. 
4.750 	 Envelop completely; form a cover over.	form an impenetrable cover over. 
4.250 	 mold for casting, setting concrete	a mold for setting concrete. 
3.500 	 cause friction; wear away or erode	wear away or erode. 
4.500 	 A feeling for something that is desired intensely.	something that is desired intensely. 
4.250 	 put or store in a bottle	store (liquids or gases) in bottles. 
4.000 	 Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	be a sign or indication of. 
4.250 	 the act of choosing, picking one among many	the act of choosing or selecting. 
4.250 	 act of becoming distant, moving away from	the act of becoming more distant. 
3.750 	 take in marriage; perform a marriage ceremony	take in marriage. 
4.500 	 Skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways          as a manner of motion.	skip, leap, or move up and down or sideways. 
3.250 	 a military fortification, stronghold	a stronghold. 
3.250 	 the fashionable elite of a given community	the fashionable elite. 
4.500 	 characteristic call of an animal	the characteristic utterance of an animal. 
4.500 	 make or become more acute or intense	make more intense, stronger, or more marked. 
4.250 	 A journey for some purpose.	a journey for some purpose (usually including the return). 
4.000 	 Fake or falsify; control in a fraudulent manner.	manipulate in a fraudulent manner. 
3.250 	 fruit cooked down with sugar, jam	fruit preserved by cooking with sugar. 
4.000 	 the act of leading or guiding others	the activity of leading. 
4.250 	 coating used as a repellant to moisture	a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture. 
4.250 	 a person who cleans chimneys	someone who cleans soot from chimneys. 
3.500 	 Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light    from a source.	emit a steady even light without flames. 
3.500 	 behave in a certain way; have a specific effect or outcome	behave in a certain way. 
4.500 	 communicate with a hiss	express or utter with a hiss. 
3.750 	 a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen	stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen. 
3.750 	 a sporting match, boxing	a boxing or wrestling match. 
4.500 	 cause to reproduce (plants or animals)	cause to procreate (animals). 
4.750 	 The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted.	a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized. 
4.250 	 move along on wheels	move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle. 
3.750 	 [provide with a new or different resting place	provide with a new seat. 
4.500 	 activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground	the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth. 
3.500 	 to interrupt, enter uninvited	enter uninvited. 
4.000 	 A person or thing equal to another in value or significane.	a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc. 
3.750 	 a cause or source of harm	a cause of pain or injury or loss. 
4.500 	 make (more) comprehensible	make clear and (more) comprehensible. 
4.500 	 the state of being retained	the act of retaining something. 
4.000 	 a problem, something wrong	a problem. 
4.750 	 stretch out or over completely	stretch out completely. 
2.500 	 continue to live, exist, or prosper	continue to live through hardship or adversity. 
3.750 	 a caress with the lips	the act of caressing with the lips (or an instance thereof). 
3.500 	 Provide with rails, as by laying.	lay with rails. 
4.500 	 the close approach of one object to another	the motion of one object relative to another. 
4.000 	 make a hole with a pointed tool	make a hole, especially with a pointed power or hand tool. 
4.000 	 Fix (something old) with a new part; improve.	piece (something old) with a new part. 
4.250 	 the act of  damaging something, causing breakage	the act of breaking something. 
3.750 	 the ground level of a multi-storied building	the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building. 
2.250 	 A quantity of something	a quantity of money. 
3.000 	 a large room	the large room of a manor or castle. 
4.500 	 leave out, omit, prevent from entering	prevent from entering; keep out. 
4.000 	 Sniff at inquiringly.	sniff or smell inquiringly. 
4.750 	 provide lodging for	provide housing for. 
4.750 	 Change the purpose or functioning of a system.	change the inherent purpose or function of something. 
4.667 	 provide with tools or items for a specific purpose	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose. 
4.000 	 gain points in a game; add up (numbers)	gain points in a game. 
4.333 	 travel in front of, be first, precede	travel in front of; go in advance of others. 
4.667 	 Remove by rubbing	remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing. 
4.667 	 the hard upper part of the human nose	the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose. 
4.333 	 make shine	make (a surface) shine. 
4.250 	 recover, return to former state	return to a former condition. 
4.000 	 remove the pod, husk or shell	remove the husks from. 
4.250 	 speed up the process of	speed up the progress of; facilitate. 
4.750 	 (cause to) swing and miss the third pitch, striking out	strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third. 
3.750 	 Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status.	raise in rank, character, or status. 
3.250 	 alter by chemical means, to make images.	make visible by means of chemical solutions. 
3.500 	 highly infectious viral disease	an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease. 
4.250 	 make a certain size or sort according to size	make to a size; bring to a suitable size. 
4.000 	 Remove tree stumps from an area.	remove tree stumps from. 
3.250 	 pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue	pass the tongue over. 
5.000 	 a computer-generated visual image	an image that is generated by a computer. 
4.000 	 do better in a competition; win	come out better in a competition, race, or conflict. 
3.500 	 aerodynamic force that opposed gravity	the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity. 
3.000 	 Start abruptly, ignite	start abruptly. 
4.000 	 a local announcement made within a public broadcast	(broadcasting) a local announcement inserted into a network program. 
4.000 	 making real or concrete	something that is made real or concrete. 
4.000 	 Sound sharply or shrilly, as if stabbing.	sound sharply or shrilly. 
4.000 	 the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere	the act of admitting someone to enter. 
4.000 	 spend time in prison	spend time in prison or in a labor camp. 
4.750 	 hold, contain within	contain or hold; have within. 
4.750 	 act of verbally informing	the act of informing by verbal report. 
4.000 	 forcefully request	request urgently and forcefully. 
4.500 	 the quality of dissimilarity	the quality of being unlike or dissimilar. 
4.000 	 throw quickly, flick	throw quickly. 
3.000 	 move to and fro around a particular point or points, remain near	move to and fro. 
3.750 	 Put up with something or someone          unpleasant; show deference towards someone or some authority.	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
3.750 	 the breakup or termination of a social relationship	the termination or disintegration of a relationship (between persons or nations). 
5.000 	 destruction of a ship	destroy a ship. 
3.500 	 The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new. 
4.500 	 ride (a bicycle or motorcycle)	ride a motorcycle. 
5.000 	 The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money. 
4.750 	 maintain or preserve a particular condition, state, or activity	continue a certain state, condition, or activity. 
3.750 	 a spoken or written reply to a question	a statement (either spoken or written) that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation. 
5.000 	 committee with supervisory powers	a committee having supervisory powers. 
4.250 	 a section of a composition, textual or musical	a short section of a musical composition. 
4.750 	 a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction	the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed. 
4.500 	 take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal	take a walk for one's health or to aid digestion, as after a meal. 
3.750 	 forked form or shape	a part of a forked or branching shape. 
4.750 	 insert or close with a plug	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug. 
4.000 	 incite some act of insubordination	incite, move, or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination. 
3.500 	 formally announce the termination of an agreement	announce the termination of, as of treaties. 
4.000 	 beat or pound rapidly	cause to throb or beat rapidly. 
4.000 	 Make a line or marks on a surface; copy by          following the lines of	make a mark or lines on a surface. 
3.750 	 recite as a chant, intone	recite with musical intonation; recite as a chant or a psalm. 
4.000 	 the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it	(computer science) the ability to exchange and use information (usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks). 
4.500 	 act of applying force	the act of applying force suddenly. 
5.000 	 the process of becoming less or smaller	a process of becoming smaller or shorter. 
4.250 	 Be in command of; exercise authority or  control over.	exercise authoritative control or power over. 
4.250 	 be a factor or play a role in something	be or play a part of or in. 
4.500 	 an expanse of land	an extended area of land. 
3.500 	 move an implement through with a circular motion, mix	move an implement through. 
3.750 	 deprive of courage, hope, or optimism	deprive of courage or hope; take away hope from; cause to feel discouraged. 
2.750 	 the armed forces	a force that is a branch of the armed forces. 
2.750 	 Furnish with metal spurs.	furnish with spars. 
3.250 	 Remove water from a substance.	remove water from. 
3.250 	 Provide with rails, as by laying.	provide with rails. 
4.500 	 make or be a summary	be a summary of. 
3.750 	 be affected with smut or mildew	affect with smut or mildew, as of a crop such as corn. 
3.000 	 Talk or behave amorously; have sex with.	talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions. 
3.500 	 Excuse some minor social infraction; accept    an excuse for something.	accept an excuse for. 
4.750 	 indicate, be signs or symptoms of	be a signal for or a symptom of. 
3.500 	 a verbal or written request for access to something.	a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school. 
4.750 	 have a logical result	have as a logical consequence. 
4.750 	 Travel on foot.	cross on foot. 
4.500 	 the act of suction	the act of sucking. 
4.250 	 A band of leather or rope made to identify animals.	a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal's neck as a harness or to identify it. 
4.750 	 Put a harness on.	put a harness. 
4.750 	 Provide or equip specifically with furniture.	provide or equip with furniture. 
4.750 	 To move (the head or body) quickly    downwards or away (from something).	to move (the head or body) quickly downwards or away. 
5.000 	 reason or establish by deduction	reason by deduction; establish by deduction. 
3.750 	 Make pregnant; fertilize and cause to grow.	fertilize and cause to grow. 
5.000 	 find the solution to or understand the          meaning of	find the solution to (a problem or question) or understand the meaning of. 
4.750 	 Move about in a confused or purposeless manner.	move about in a confused manner. 
4.250 	 put up with something unpleasant	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
5.000 	 A means or agency by which something is communicated.	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated. 
5.000 	 take apart into constituent pieces	take apart into its constituent pieces. 
5.000 	 A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program.	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program. 
4.000 	 decree, issue an order	issue an order. 
5.000 	 the termination, ending of a meeting	the termination of a meeting. 
5.000 	 An indicator that orients one generally.	an indicator that orients you generally. 
4.000 	 Increase the acoustic volume of.	increase the volume of. 
5.000 	 open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups. 
5.000 	 reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading. 
4.000 	 hit a fly (baseball)	hit a fly. 
3.750 	 FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line. 
3.750 	 be or come into conflict	be incompatible; be or come into conflict. 
3.250 	 Produce a phonemic click.	produce a click. 
5.000 	 angle with a hook and line and draw through          water	angle with a hook and line drawn through the water. 
5.000 	 the front face of a building	the face or front of a building. 
5.000 	 make something more diverse or varied	make something more diverse and varied. 
4.000 	 issue bonds on something	issue bonds on. 
5.000 	 women's sleeveless undergarment	a woman's sleeveless undergarment. 
3.500 	 Move oneself very fast.	move very fast. 
4.000 	 Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition. 
3.750 	 make more complex or intricate	make more complex, intricate, or richer. 
4.250 	 cause to be/show to be invalid	show to be invalid. 
4.500 	 create a new entity by putting components or members together	create by putting components or members together. 
4.750 	 the activity of providing supplies	the activity of supplying or providing something. 
5.000 	 make or become brighter or lighter	make lighter or brighter. 
5.000 	 actors in a play	the actors in a play. 
5.000 	 take someone's soul into heaven	take up someone's soul into heaven. 
5.000 	 Discipline in personal or social activities.	discipline in personal and social activities. 
4.750 	 a person eating a meal, often in a restaurant	a person eating a meal (especially in a restaurant). 
4.250 	 A sudden (emotional) outburst.	a sudden outburst. 
4.000 	 make or become harder	make hard or harder. 
5.000 	 the introductory portion of a story	the introductory section of a story. 
3.750 	 work material with a tool	work with a tool. 
4.500 	 make or become less strict or severe	make less severe or strict. 
4.750 	 support by placing on or against something solid	support by placing against something solid or rigid. 
5.000 	 Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with. 
5.000 	 have the financial means to obtain, buy, or do something	have the financial means to do something or buy something. 
4.250 	 A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election.	a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices. 
5.000 	 say, state, or perform again	to say, state, or perform again. 
5.000 	 allow the passage of air	allow the passage of air through. 
5.000 	 unite; merge with something already in existence	unite or merge with something already in existence. 
5.000 	 use resources or materials	use up (resources or materials). 
5.000 	 make or become harder	become hard or harder. 
5.000 	 (Cause to) be firmly attached or closed.	cause to be firmly attached. 
5.000 	 make or become wider or more extensive	become broader or wider or more extensive. 
4.750 	 Unrestricted freedom to use something.	unrestricted freedom to use. 
4.750 	 laying claim, the act of taking possession of, or power over, something.	the act of taking possession of or power over something. 
4.750 	 give structure to	give a structure to. 
5.000 	 mark with scars	mark with a scar. 
5.000 	 (Baseball) Tag the base runner to get him out.	tag the base runner to get him out. 
4.400 	 Be reflected as heat, light, or shock waves;.	be reflected as heat, sound, or light or shock waves. 
4.800 	 a competitor most likely to win	a competitor thought likely to win. 
4.600 	 make or become longer	become long or longer. 
4.600 	 be on base at the end of an inning	to be on base at the end of an inning, of a player. 
3.500 	 Either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided, or key properties that distinguish the categories.	either of the two categories (male or female) into which most organisms are divided. 
3.500 	 (science) The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element.	the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element; the standard is 8 for oxygen. 
4.750 	 provide with a toggle	provide with a toggle or toggles. 
4.250 	 (cause to) move back and forth or side to side	cause to move back and forth. 
3.750 	 measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line. 
5.000 	 make a loud noise, as an animal	make a loud noise, as of animal. 
5.000 	 The act of coming to rest after a voyage.	the act of coming to land after a voyage. 
5.000 	 join or bring together (two) objects, ideas, or people	bring two objects, ideas, or people together. 
4.500 	 Make reference to something.	make reference to. 
4.250 	 Behave violently, as if in a state of great    anger; break or tear violently.	behave violently, as if in state of a great anger. 
4.750 	 Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	move in a spiral or zigzag course. 
4.250 	 a feeling of aversion, distaste, antipathy	a feeling of aversion or antipathy. 
4.000 	 Release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition (perhaps in a metaphorical sense)	release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition. 
4.000 	 overcome with amazement; flabbergast	overcome with amazement. 
3.750 	 behave in a condescending manner	behave in a patronizing and condescending manner. 
4.000 	 take into one's family or group	take into one's family. 
5.000 	 (Contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make.	(contract bridge) the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make. 
5.000 	 go on a campaign or off to war	go on a campaign; go off to war. 
4.250 	 react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command. 
5.000 	 (Literally) sound with resonance.	sound with resonance. 
4.750 	 an injury to the skin caused by radiation, heat or chemicals	an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation. 
4.250 	 make a causal or logical connection; group together	make a logical or causal connection. 
5.000 	 Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny.	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny. 
5.000 	 exercise or have power of memory	exercise, or have the power of, memory. 
4.750 	 A feeling or state of extreme anger.	a state of extreme anger. 
5.000 	 Wrinkled, crumpled, or creased.	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased. 
5.000 	 Admit to testing/proof	admit to testing or proof. 
5.000 	 an accounting period of 12 months	any accounting period of 12 months. 
4.333 	 praise the qualities in order to sell or promote	make a plug for; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote. 
3.750 	 relative darkness of a color	relative darkness or lightness of a color. 
4.250 	 Strike heavily, especially with a fist or implement.	strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat. 
4.750 	 Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief.	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief. 
5.000 	 open again, open anew	open again or anew. 
4.000 	 A conceptual formulation; a way of conceiving something.	a way of conceiving something. 
5.000 	 heat metal prior to working it	heat a metal prior to working it. 
4.500 	 feel the strong need to eat	feel the need to eat. 
3.667 	 be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact. 
3.667 	 Give suck to; receive suck.	give suck to. 
4.333 	 covering for a bed	decorative cover for a bed. 
5.000 	 grip, penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws	to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws. 
4.500 	 play a stringed instrument with a bow	play on a string instrument with a bow. 
4.000 	 Doubt or an impression that something might    not be the case.	an impression that something might be the case. 
4.750 	 A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown.	a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown. 
4.500 	 Express audibly; utter sounds (not          necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words). 
5.000 	 hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness. 
5.000 	 a serving of a beverage	a single serving of a beverage. 
4.500 	 Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action. 
5.000 	 the day before today	the day immediately before today. 
4.333 	 take or capture by force or authority	take or capture by force. 
5.000 	 (Medicine) Apply a plaster cast to.	apply a plaster cast to. 
5.000 	 interfere with someone else's activity	interfere in someone else's activity. 
5.000 	 Assign a new time for an event	assign a new time and place for an event. 
4.750 	 Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something.	value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something. 
4.500 	 touch or hold with the hands	touch, lift, or hold with the hands. 
5.000 	 scrape or rub to relieve itching	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching. 
4.750 	 give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of. 
5.000 	 Any activity that acquires a person's attention.	any activity that occupies a person's attention. 
5.000 	 cause to become awake or alert	cause to become awake or conscious. 
4.500 	 provide a feast or banquet	provide a feast or banquet for. 
5.000 	 The act of hindering someone's plans or efforts.	an act of hindering someone's plans or efforts. 
4.250 	 Fool or hoax (someone).	fool or hoax. 
4.750 	 raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2. 
4.500 	 The (period of) control of a country by military forces of a foreign power.	the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power. 
5.000 	 (computer science) the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer.	(computer science) the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer. 
4.000 	 give pleasure, satifaction, or happiness; be pleasing to	give pleasure to or be pleasing to. 
5.000 	 the soft padding under a saddle	a soft pad placed under a saddle. 
5.000 	 elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ's          transfiguration	elevate or idealize, in allusion to Christ's transfiguration. 
4.750 	 inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions	inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions. 
4.000 	 cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern. 
4.500 	 warn or call to a sense of preparedness	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness. 
4.500 	 Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions. 
4.500 	 move faster, or cause to move faster	cause to move faster. 
5.000 	 Supply food ready to eat, as for parties          and banquets.	supply food ready to eat; for parties and banquets. 
4.000 	 express protest or dissent, raise an objection	express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent. 
4.250 	 clear mucus from one's throat	clear mucus or food from one's throat. 
5.000 	 pass into a state or condition	pass into a specified state or condition. 
3.750 	 add embellishments (to medieval manuscripts)	add embellishments and paintings to (medieval manuscripts). 
4.750 	 make or become thick	make thick or thicker. 
4.750 	 move or execute very quickly or hastily	run or move very quickly or hastily. 
4.000 	 hurt, feel physical pain	feel physical pain. 
4.250 	 tell or spread rumors; say	tell or spread rumors. 
4.250 	 throw with force or recklessness; cast away	throw with force or recklessness. 
4.500 	 return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something. 
4.250 	 Try to cure by special care    or treatment, of an illness or injury; treat carefully.	try to cure by special care of treatment, of an illness or injury. 
4.250 	 a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument	a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument. 
4.500 	 Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily.	any address at which you dwell more than temporarily. 
4.750 	 BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes, which absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground.	(botany) the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes; absorbs water and mineral salts; usually it anchors the plant to the ground. 
3.750 	 Reproduce or make an exact copy of; make,    do, or perform again.	reproduce or make an exact copy of. 
4.500 	 pass (a thread) through or into,on or as if on a    string	thread on or as if on a string. 
4.500 	 Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks. 
4.750 	 have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something. 
4.500 	 be relevant or pertinent	be pertinent or relevant or applicable. 
4.000 	 indicate contempt by breathing noisily and    forcefully through the news	indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose. 
5.000 	 become aware of through the senses	to become aware of through the senses. 
4.500 	 cause to be alert or energetic	cause to be alert and energetic. 
4.500 	 Remove by erasing or crossing out, as if by    drawing a line through.	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line. 
5.000 	 cook slowly for a long time in liquid	cook slowly and for a long time in liquid. 
3.750 	 the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level. 
3.750 	 Make a map of; show or establish the    features or details of; explore or survey for the purposes of making a    map.	make a map of; show or establish the features of details of. 
5.000 	 The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force.	the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force. 
4.250 	 Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling,          answering, or performing.	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing (duties, questions, or issues). 
4.750 	 Lead someone in the wrong direction  (physically); give wrong spatial directions.	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions. 
4.250 	 maintain, assert, or claim	maintain or assert. 
4.500 	 Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition.	restore to a previous or better condition. 
4.750 	 make accessible to some action, influence, or condition	expose or make accessible to some action or influence. 
4.000 	 Approach a limit as the number of terms          increases without limit; specifically a mathematical term.	approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit. 
5.000 	 The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot.	the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot. 
4.750 	 put under the control of the federal government	put under the control and authority of a federal government. 
5.000 	 Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure.	manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure. 
4.250 	 equip with a fuse	equip with a fuse; provide with a fuse. 
4.750 	 end of the American Revolution	the successful ending of the American Revolution. 
5.000 	 (mathematics) The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number.	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number. 
4.500 	 stimulating or demanding factors of a situation	a demanding or stimulating situation. 
4.500 	 A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total.	all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class. 
5.000 	 Amplify an electron current by causing part          of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit.	amplify (an electron current) by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit. 
3.250 	 A human utters words loudly and forcefully.	utter words loudly and forcefully. 
5.000 	 oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force. 
5.000 	 (Cause to) strike the air in flight.	strike the air in flight. 
5.000 	 Preserve in a tin or jar.	preserve in a can or tin. 
5.000 	 a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop	(chemistry) a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop. 
5.000 	 make the surface level or smooth	make the surface of level or smooth. 
4.750 	 Impress or affect deeply (emotionally).	impress or affect deeply. 
4.750 	 Supply with a constant flow of some liquid,          for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting.	supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid, for the purpose of cooling, cleansing, or disinfecting. 
4.750 	 apply a thin coating of paint/metal	apply a thin coating of paint, metal, etc., to. 
4.250 	 disregard, fail to attend to	fail to attend to. 
4.000 	 make a short, sharp sound	make a sharp sound. 
4.750 	 connect or fasten into a chain by linking	connect or arrange into a chain by linking. 
4.500 	 beat thoroughly in a competition or fight	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight. 
5.000 	 Look through a book or some other written    material (for information).	look through a book or other written material. 
5.000 	 state of being active	the state of being active. 
5.000 	 (theology) the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil.	(theology) the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil. 
4.250 	 declare or make unfit or unsuitable	make unfit or unsuitable. 
4.000 	 Cook on a hot surface using fat; cook in oil.	cook on a hot surface using fat. 
4.500 	 Improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing. 
4.500 	 An area that is central within some larger region.	an area that is approximately central within some larger region. 
5.000 	 start suddenly, as if from fright	start suddenly, as from fright. 
3.750 	 Be larger in number, quantity, power,          status, or importance, without personally having sovereign power.	be larger in number, quantity, power, status or importance. 
5.000 	 Give oneself entirely to a specific person,    activity, or cause.	give entirely to a specific person, activity, or cause. 
4.500 	 the finger next to the thumb, forefinger	the finger next to the thumb. 
4.750 	 put up with something or someone (unpleasant)	put up with something or somebody unpleasant. 
5.000 	 role or function of the head of a government department	the role of the head of a government department. 
4.250 	 consider again, usually with a view to changing	consider again; give new consideration to; usually with a view to changing. 
4.250 	 drive at an excessive or illegal velocity	travel at an excessive or illegal velocity. 
5.000 	 an air force military unit, smaller than a squadron	an air force unit smaller than a squadron. 
4.500 	 the act of giving someone a job, hiring someone	the act of giving someone a job. 
3.500 	 the act of annoying someone or something	the act of troubling or annoying someone. 
4.000 	 Droop, sink, or settle from or as if from          pressure or loss of tautness; become less intense.	droop, sink, or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness. 
5.000 	 Cite as an authority; resort to (as in an argument).	cite as an authority; resort to. 
4.500 	 Allocate or dedicate; set aside or apart          for a specific purpose or use.	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use. 
5.000 	 make out of components (in an improvising manner)	make out of components (often in an improvising manner). 
4.250 	 rehearse, learn by repetition	learn by repetition. 
5.000 	 Intend something to move toward a certain goal	intend (something) to move towards a certain goal. 
4.600 	 register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member. 
5.000 	 write as if with print, not in cursive	write as if with print; not cursive. 
4.400 	 shoot down birds	shoot down, of birds. 
5.000 	 appoint to clerical posts	appoint to a clerical posts. 
4.750 	 (Chemistry) Undergo sequestration by          forming a stable compound with an ion.	undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion. 
5.000 	 Furnish with an opening to allow air to          circulate or gase to escape.	furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape. 
5.000 	 Stand with arms or forelegs raised, as of menacing.	stand with arms or forelegs raised, as if menacing. 
5.000 	 accounting period of 12 months	any accounting period of 12 months. 
4.250 	 Convert the genetic information in a strand          of DNA into a strand of RNA.	convert the genetic information in (a strand of DNA) into a strand of RNA, especially messenger RNA. 
4.750 	 give a thrashing to, beat	give a thrashing to; beat hard. 
5.000 	 Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid,  for purposes of cooking or processing.	immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes. 
5.000 	 Supply with water for crops, as with    channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams. 
4.250 	 The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect.	the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect. 
4.250 	 Protect or strengthen with sandbags.	protect or strengthen with sandbags; stop up. 
5.000 	 travel; make a tour of a place	make a tour of a certain place. 
4.750 	 the political head of city government	the head of a city government. 
3.250 	 pass the tongue over, take up with the tongue	take up with the tongue. 
5.000 	 A city on the River Thames in Bershire, southern England	a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England. 
4.750 	 a chart or map showing the dimensions, movements or progress of something	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object. 
4.750 	 Take away a vital or essential part of          something.	take away a vital or essential part of. 
4.250 	 An imperfection; the quality of being inadequate or falling short.	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection. 
4.750 	 Pat or squeeze, especially under the chin.	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully, especially under the chin. 
4.750 	 make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue. 
4.250 	 the act of swallowing liquid	the act of swallowing. 
4.500 	 have unlawful sex with a prostitute	have unlawful sex with a whore. 
4.000 	 Reverse the winding or twisting of;  separate the tangles of.	reverse the winding or twisting of. 
4.500 	 Reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a          loss or sacrifice.	reimburse or compensate (someone), as for a loss. 
3.250 	 sharpen a razor with a strap	sharpen with a strap. 
4.500 	 the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code	the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code. 
4.250 	 The part of the body between the neck and upper arm, or any of its subparts.	the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm. 
4.500 	 Rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy,    often with thunder and lightning; blow hard.	rain, hail, or snow hard and be very windy, often with thunder or lightning. 
4.250 	 fill with high spirits	fill with high spirits; fill with optimism. 
3.500 	 The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant.	the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant. 
4.500 	 (cause to) fall in drops	let or cause to fall in drops. 
5.000 	 The status of being champion.	the status of being a champion. 
3.750 	 Draw advantages from; take advantage.	draw advantages from. 
4.000 	 Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought to murder.   
5.000 	 Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products. 
5.000 	 And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad destabilising influence, not bernanke. 
4.667 	 A Europe for All	All Europe 
4.500 	 Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practical "Modern" are rejected, laws. 
5.000 	 Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before, muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with "futile. 
4.500 	 Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only one month before, Muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile '. 
5.000 	 Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production of the country. 
4.000 	 Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	Large Pax Europa of today, just like current prosperity paneuropenne, depends on it. 
4.500 	 This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves. 
4.000 	 More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, divisions recur locally. 
3.750 	 But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But can this image survive a continuation of the decline? 
2.200 	 But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this image can survive a further decline? 
4.500 	 The People Versus Putin	Putin against people 
4.750 	 The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European response (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar 'only become more pervasive. 
4.750 	 But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which return the US markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance. 
4.000 	 Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation. 
5.000 	 The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonsiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally. 
0.500 	 They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are for the moment.   
4.500 	 Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, help the young to invent new forms of employment.   
5.000 	 Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country. 
4.250 	 In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the sharia is imposed. 
4.750 	 Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress made it off these threats. 
5.000 	 A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A Chinese influential businessman who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise. 
4.750 	 The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally. 
3.250 	 But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium.   
4.750 	 The questions are many.	There are many questions.   
4.250 	 But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the Americans have only a fall of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 may.   
4.750 	 Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress made slip these threats. 
4.750 	 Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs. 
4.500 	 None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help. 
5.000 	 And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence, not Bernanke. 
5.000 	 This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the opposition Conservative without any effective response. 
4.500 	 After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account. 
3.000 	 This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this mistake mistake is in the process of its political.   
3.400 	 He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What he has done without the initiative goes very far. 
4.500 	 The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what the psychologists call the desire of the dollar) will become only more penetrating. 
3.800 	 Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was required for murder. 
2.833 	 The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities markets 
4.750 	 Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation. 
4.750 	 Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs. 
4.500 	 Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really this trend. 
5.000 	 What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. 
4.250 	 A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition. 
5.000 	 Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The large Europa Pax today, just as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it. 
3.600 	 Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder. 
0.500 	 What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	In the absence of a change of associations.   
2.200 	 But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this image can survive a further decline? 
5.000 	 Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends on it. 
5.000 	 This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response. 
4.667 	 A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition. 
4.750 	 But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance. 
4.250 	 Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before, muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were "futile." 
5.000 	 Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government. 
5.000 	 None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help. 
4.750 	 Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself. 
4.500 	 After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration. 
4.750 	 That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution. 
4.500 	 Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation. 
2.500 	 The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of Israel ".   
1.750 	 Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	And, also, of his regime.   
2.750 	 But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But can this image survive a pursuit of decline? 
2.250 	 The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities market 
5.000 	 Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings. 
3.750 	 None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	That does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help. 
4.000 	 They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are culture, poor and sick. 
4.000 	 Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation. 
4.750 	 Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed. 
5.000 	 Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam. 
5.000 	 Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not Bernanke. 
4.500 	 Other ways are needed.	It is necessary to find other means.   
4.250 	 Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. 
5.000 	 A Europe for All	Europe for all 
5.000 	 This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response. 
4.750 	 Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant. 
4.500 	 Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-march not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products. 
5.000 	 But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy. 
5.000 	 A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A businessman Chinese influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific. 
4.800 	 Some results are remarkable.	Some are noteworthy results. 
5.000 	 None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help. 
3.400 	 He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What he has done without the initiative goes very far. 
5.000 	 Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam. 
5.000 	 But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. 
5.000 	 Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things. 
5.000 	 Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered in the last six years. 
3.750 	 But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the American courses did not show that a fall of 5,2% between the 9 and on May 24. 
5.000 	 Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled, one of these recent books against democracy itself. 
4.600 	 This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. 
4.750 	 Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons, we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves. 
4.800 	 Some results are remarkable.	Some are noteworthy results. 
4.000 	 Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	They would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them? 
3.750 	 But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	Yet, the Americans have accused a lowering of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May. 
4.714 	 A Europe for All	A Europe for all 
5.000 	 Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the last six years. 
4.600 	 The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally. 
3.200 	 But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	But the US prices did not show that a decline in 5.2% between 9 and 24 May. 
4.500 	 That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed. 
4.000 	 But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	Yet the US courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and 24 May. 
3.000 	 Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned? 
4.600 	 Other ways are needed.	Other means should be found. 
2.250 	 Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of the United States and also within Islam.   
4.000 	 But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy. 
4.400 	 Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways. 
2.833 	 The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities markets 
2.750 	 But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interests of the Iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy.   
4.750 	 This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall. 
5.000 	 And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most important, Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence, not Bernanke 
5.000 	 Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, radical technological progress off these threats. 
5.000 	 What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. 
3.750 	 The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The most important thing is that when interest rates go up, the values of the active fall. 
4.250 	 Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, technological progress radicals have made these threats slip. 
4.750 	 That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution. 
5.000 	 But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. 
4.500 	 This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves. 
4.400 	 Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways. 
5.000 	 Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists, assassinated during the six last years. 
4.750 	 The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of books is itself a sign of  malaise . 
4.600 	 They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are uncultivated, poor and sick. 
3.750 	 The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it, and it particulirement is particulirement eclipsed by the guide suprme the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. 
4.750 	 Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is indisputable that reaches to the Turkish government.   
4.750 	 A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A business Chinese influence, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was more precise. 
5.000 	 The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of "malaise. 
2.250 	 The Political Stock Market	Politicization of the securities markets 
4.500 	 Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville thought in the long run, nothing can be really opposed this trend. 
4.750 	 Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can actually oppose this trend. 
4.750 	 Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Who more is, the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates. 
4.800 	 They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated. 
4.250 	 Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	The economists, does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products.   
2.500 	 The Political Stock Market	The politicisation of the securities markets   
5.000 	 A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	An influential Chinese business man, who shares his time between HongKong and London, was even more precise. 
5.000 	 Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions. 
5.000 	 Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should take account of our warnings. 
3.500 	 What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	Today we are to change a Muslim identity for Islamic identity. 
4.250 	 Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only one month before, Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with futile. 
4.250 	 It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies. 
4.000 	 Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation.   
0.250 	 Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	It is necessary to are two different things.   
4.250 	 It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It has appointed a working Group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies.   
5.000 	 Some results are remarkable.	Certain results are remarkable. 
3.750 	 But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But as the European Union itself, and it will build it. 
3.750 	 Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	They give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned? 
5.000 	 After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account. 
2.750 	 Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins.   
4.750 	 In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the Sharia is imposed.   
1.750 	 But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this picture can survive in a European?   
4.500 	 This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves. 
3.500 	 But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But as the European Union itself, build and happen. 
4.500 	 The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers than it seems, and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. 
4.750 	 Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious. 
5.000 	 Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this story, should heed our warnings. 
5.000 	 This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin. 
4.750 	 Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europa today, as the current pan-European prosperity, depends. 
4.000 	 But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But as the European Union itself, this will be built and this will happen. 
5.000 	 Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	The Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings.   
5.000 	 Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should take account of our warnings. 
4.500 	 That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution.   
5.000 	 Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years. 
4.750 	 The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has less powers than it seems, and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei. 
5.000 	 After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account. 
5.000 	 The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin 
4.750 	 Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can oppose really to this trend. 
4.250 	 The questions are many.	Many questions are. 
4.250 	 But they were necessary.	But they are necessary. 
4.750 	 Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions. 
5.000 	 But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. 
4.500 	 Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	In the foreground of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves. 
3.500 	 And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps the most important, Ahmadinejad affects destabilizing, Bernanke. 
2.750 	 The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The key is that when interest rates are falling, the values of the active. 
3.750 	 After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have policies that take or no consideration.   
3.500 	 Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other  modern  practices are rejected because nombrilistes. 
5.000 	 Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Europeans of the West, who forgot this history, should take account of our warning statements. 
4.500 	 Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government. 
4.750 	 This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer. 
5.000 	 The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally. 
4.400 	 Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime. 
4.250 	 Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-march companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products. 
4.500 	 Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Every time, technological progress to fly these threats.   
4.750 	 Western Europeans, who have been spared this legacy, should heed our warnings.	Western Europeans, who have forgotten this history, should heed our warnings. 
4.250 	 It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies. 
3.800 	 Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was required for murder. 
4.500 	 Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation.   
4.500 	 Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant. 
4.250 	 Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The large Europa of today, just as the prosperity, depends on it.   
5.000 	 Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam. 
4.250 	 Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, of radical technological progress leave these threats. 
4.500 	 Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists, murdered in the course of the past six years.   
4.500 	 The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy dollar) only become more pntrante. 
4.750 	 The People Versus Putin	People against Putin 
4.750 	 But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make the American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance. 
4.750 	 Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed. 
2.500 	 Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month before,, the demands of constitutional reform in the five ".   
4.500 	 The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers that it seems, and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. 
3.500 	 The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally. 
4.400 	 Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime. 
4.250 	 Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation. 
3.750 	 This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this gross error is conducting Russia to his downfall policy. 
4.750 	 It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies. 
4.750 	 The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin   
4.750 	 Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro-march are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products. 
4.250 	 Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practices modern 'are rejected, because navel-gazing. 
5.000 	 But they were necessary.	But they were necessary. 
2.833 	 The Political Stock Market	The politicization of securities markets 
5.000 	 The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "the envy of the dollar ') will only more pervasive. 
5.000 	 The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has powers than it appears, and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei.   
4.750 	 And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad has an influence, not destabilizing Bernanke. 
4.750 	 The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	Essence, it is that when interest rates go up, the values of the credit fall. 
3.500 	 After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account. 
5.000 	 The questions are many.	The questions are many. 
4.750 	 But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance. 
4.000 	 Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the methods of intensive farming, will perhaps the need for such legislation. 
5.000 	 Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things. 
4.250 	 Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation. 
4.800 	 The questions are many.	There are many questions. 
5.000 	 This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit rpudiation but clear of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. 
4.667 	 A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition. 
5.000 	 The questions are many.	The questions are numerous. 
4.250 	 Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	Gays and other practices "modern  are rejected because among selfcentred. 
4.000 	 More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur locally. 
5.000 	 Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years. 
0.250 	 Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The catch and other practices, because.   
5.000 	 Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	The jobs, in particular, would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs. 
3.600 	 Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder. 
4.250 	 Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Thought that in the long term, nothing can actually to this trend.   
4.750 	 Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	In the forefront of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. 
4.250 	 But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But just as the European Union itself, and that it will be done.   
5.000 	 This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this serious error is taking to Russia to its ruin policy. 
5.000 	 But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. 
5.000 	 Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable. 
4.714 	 A Europe for All	A Europe for all 
3.750 	 Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation. 
4.600 	 This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. 
4.500 	 After all, they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider.	After all, they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration. 
4.750 	 He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	He has done, that the initiative not go very far. 
2.000 	 Some results are remarkable.	Some results.   
5.000 	 But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the American view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. 
3.750 	 But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But from the point of view of the international role was a trap.   
5.000 	 Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and Islamiste are two different things. 
5.000 	 Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month ago, disrupted Muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a  futile . 
4.750 	 Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates. 
5.000 	 The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of 'malaise. 
4.750 	 The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally. 
4.000 	 But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But just like the European Union itself, that will be built and that will be done. 
5.000 	 Putin's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years.	Putin's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists, murdered during the past six years. 
4.714 	 A Europe for All	A Europe for all 
3.250 	 Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them? 
4.750 	 Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of dsinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within Islam. 
4.000 	 Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed. 
3.000 	 He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What he has done without the initiative goes too far. 
4.500 	 None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help. 
4.500 	 None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	This does not, however, rich countries emerging from their obligation to help. 
5.000 	 Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant.	Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed. 
5.000 	 But they were necessary.	But they were necessary. 
4.750 	 Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure, not Bernanke. 
3.750 	 But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But just as the European Union itself, and this will happen. 
4.000 	 Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, also, seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode. 
4.500 	 Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government. 
4.000 	 Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation. 
4.750 	 A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	An influential Chinese businessman, who shares his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more specific. 
4.250 	 In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, Sharia law is imposed. 
4.750 	 He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What it has done without initiative go very far.   
4.000 	 This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	That leaves the opposition and without any effective response.   
2.750 	 But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this image further decline can survive? 
5.000 	 But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. 
2.250 	 Some results are remarkable.	Some results. 
3.750 	 Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gays and others practical modern are rejected, because nombrilists. 
5.000 	 The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The old version of the European reaction (what psychologists call "'s desire dollar") will become more pervasive. 
3.500 	 Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure, Bernanke. 
4.750 	 Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	At the forefront of these lessons, one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves.   
4.714 	 A Europe for All	A Europe for all 
3.500 	 Gays and other "modern" practices are rejected as self-indulgent.	The gay and other practices "Modern" are rejected, because nombrilistes. 
3.250 	 Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the country.   
5.000 	 The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin 
5.000 	 What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We attend today the change of a Moslem identity for an islamist identity. 
5.000 	 Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Employment, in particular, would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment. 
3.750 	 That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be drawn up the Constitution. 
4.000 	 Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	Moreover, the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions. 
5.000 	 Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad board in an adventure, not Bernanke 
4.250 	 Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	The first of these lessons, we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves. 
3.750 	 In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other areas, the charia is imposed. 
4.000 	 Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	Etre Muslim and be Islamic are two different things. 
3.500 	 He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What happened the initiative does not go very far. 
4.800 	 They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated. 
4.000 	 It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies. 
5.000 	 The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The bottom line is that when interest rates go up, the values of credit fall. 
4.250 	 But, like the Union itself, it will be built and it will be done.	But like the EU itself, this will be built and this will happen. 
5.000 	 The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (what psychologists call  envy the dollar ) will only most perceptively. 
4.800 	 The questions are many.	There are many questions. 
4.750 	 Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime. 
4.500 	 This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves. 
4.000 	 Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them? 
5.000 	 It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies. 
4.600 	 They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are uncultivated, poor and sick. 
4.750 	 It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies.	Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies. 
5.000 	 But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns which make markets American Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance. 
5.000 	 The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin 
4.500 	 Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself.   
4.500 	 This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves. 
5.000 	 But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. 
3.500 	 Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad boards in an adventure, then.   
4.750 	 But America's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy.	But America's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy. 
3.500 	 The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally.	The answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally.   
4.500 	 More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions occur at local level. 
4.250 	 The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The important thing is that when interest rates amount, the values of the active fall. 
5.000 	 Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	Big Pax Europe of today, like current prosperity pan-European, depends on it. 
2.500 	 But if Europe's performance continues to decline, would this perception survive?	But this picture can survive a continuing decline? 
4.250 	 In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the sharia is imposed. 
4.250 	 The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	President has fewer powers than it appears to be, and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. 
4.400 	 Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways. 
4.750 	 A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A man of influential, which shares his time between Hong Kong and London, has even been more precise.   
4.800 	 They are ignorant, poor, and sick.	They are poor, sick and uncultivated. 
3.750 	 A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Waste on the question of the Alstom Group would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition.   
5.000 	 Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also see that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself. 
4.750 	 Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation. 
4.750 	 The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book is in itself a sign of  malaise. " 
4.200 	 More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level. 
5.000 	 And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing, not Bernanke. 
4.600 	 Other ways are needed.	Other means should be found. 
4.750 	 This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves opposition Conservative without effective response. 
4.750 	 Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	What is more, the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions. 
4.500 	 Only a month ago, Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as "futile."	Only a month ago, muybarak cartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of "futile. 
3.250 	 The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of faintness. 
4.400 	 Other ways are needed.	We must find other ways. 
4.500 	 Jobs, in particular, will help young people to create new lives through serious work.	Employment, in particular, would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment. 
4.500 	 Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime. 
4.000 	 This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this great mistake is Russia to ruin its policy. 
4.333 	 Each time, radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate.	Each time, of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats. 
5.000 	 But they were necessary.	But they were necessary. 
5.000 	 A Europe for All	A Europe for all   
5.000 	 But they were necessary.	But they were needed.   
4.750 	 This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. 
4.750 	 Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on.	Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation. 
5.000 	 What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. 
4.000 	 More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, the divisions recur at local level. 
4.750 	 A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition. 
4.500 	 This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	This is an implicit but clear rpudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. 
4.500 	 The book's success is itself a sign of a kind of "malaise."	The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise ". 
4.250 	 A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	To lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effects in Europe and not only for the policies on competition. 
4.750 	 Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam. 
5.000 	 Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure, not Bernanke. 
4.750 	 That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution. 
4.250 	 But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap. 
3.600 	 Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder. 
3.600 	 Last year he was wanted for murder.	Last year it was sought for murder. 
2.750 	 And, perhaps most importantly, Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence; Bernanke is not.	And, perhaps the most important, the destabilising influence, not then.   
5.000 	 Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things. 
3.750 	 The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The most important thing, however, is that when the rate of interest, the values.   
4.200 	 More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond geographical division, divisions reproduce at the local level. 
3.500 	 Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned? 
4.000 	 Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville believed that in the long term, nothing can really object to this trend. 
5.000 	 But they were necessary.	But they were necessary. 
5.000 	 Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country. 
5.000 	 This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response.	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response. 
5.000 	 Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	Iraq's future is linked to oil production of the country. 
5.000 	 But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance.	But the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance. 
5.000 	 Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam.	However, a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within Islam. 
4.750 	 Putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime's impotence.	Putin, too, seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime. 
4.250 	 None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help.	That does not, however, the rich countries of their obligation to help.   
5.000 	 Today's great Pax Europa and today's pan-European prosperity depend on this.	The great Pax Europe of today, as prosperity pan-European today, depends on it. 
4.500 	 Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government. 
3.250 	 Moreover, the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements.	What is more, the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions.   
5.000 	 This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin.	And this important mistaken is leading Russia to its political ruin. 
4.500 	 Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	Economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products. 
4.500 	 The president has fewer powers than it seems, overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.	The President has fewer powers than it they may seem, special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. 
4.800 	 The questions are many.	There are many questions. 
5.000 	 A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific.	A businessman Chinese influential, who share his time between Hong Kong and London, was even more precise. 
4.500 	 Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves.	On top of these lessons, we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves. 
5.000 	 The People Versus Putin	The people against Putin 
4.750 	 That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written.	That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution. 
5.000 	 Some results are remarkable.	Some results are remarkable. 
4.750 	 This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak, only Head of State for 24 years. 
5.000 	 But from the American point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap.	But the US point of view, the international role of the dollar was a trap. 
4.000 	 The old version of the European response--what psychologists might call "dollar envy"--will only become more acute.	The former version of the European reaction (the desire called "the desire of the") .   
4.750 	 Pro-market economists don't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products.	The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products. 
5.000 	 Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure; Bernanke is not.	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure, not bernanke. 
3.750 	 More than that, the divisions are reproduced at the local level.	Beyond the geographical division, at local level.   
4.750 	 Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government. 
2.250 	 The Political Stock Market	The politization of the markets of the transferable securities 
5.000 	 Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production. 
4.500 	 This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves. 
4.500 	 Indeed, intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government.	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government. 
4.667 	 Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher, Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself. 
5.000 	 Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing.	To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things. 
4.250 	 In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the sharia is imposed. 
4.667 	 Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself. 
5.000 	 Iraq's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production.	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production. 
4.750 	 In other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.	In other regions, the Sharia is imposed. 
5.000 	 What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity.	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity. 
4.000 	 Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary.	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation. 
4.500 	 Indeed, the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself.	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself. 
2.250 	 This tendency extends deeper than headscarves.	This tendency goes well beyond simple.   
3.750 	 This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak, the sole ruler for 24 years.	It is an implicit but but clearly, the head of State for 24 years.   
5.000 	 But they were necessary.	But they were necessary. 
3.000 	 But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the American courts accused a reduction of 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May. 
4.750 	 The bottom line is that when interest rates rise, asset values will fall.	The key is that when interest rates go up, the values of active fall. 
4.750 	 A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe--and not only for competition policy.	Losing on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition. 
4.500 	 Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency.	Tocqueville thought that on the long run, nothing can be really opposed to this tendency. 
1.000 	 Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us?	A couple who have left?   
3.250 	 But US stock prices fell only 5.2% between May 9 and May 24.	However, the Americans have accused that lower 5.2% between 9 and on 24 May. 
3.500 	 He did, but the initiative did not get very far.	What it did without the initiative not going very far. 
